NEUT0|"""Alright man, let's wrap this week up here with one to watch what stock is piqued your interest for this coming week."
BEAR1|Well, it's really tough to pick just one bank stock because they've been beaten, beaten down so much and I wish I could own a mall which I've recommended ETF that owns small before, but one in particular.
NEUT2|I am curious about right now is Bank of America.
NEUT3|I've.
NEUT4|It's probably it's the bank stock I've owned the longest in My Portfolio.
NEUT5|It's one of my biggest investments.
BEAR6|It's been crushed lately, especially with this interest rate saga.
NEUT7|Bank of America is one of the more sensitive banks to long term interest rates.
NEUT8|They have a very disproportional level of non interest bearing deposits, so meaning that with those deposits when they learn about whatever interest rate they get is pure profit.
NEUT9|So if the long end of the curve is kind of overblown in its downtrend, if the economy is a little better than people seem to give it credit for right now, and if the Fed keeps going with their interest rate hikes, Bank of America, it could be a pretty big beneficiary.
BEAR10|Plus, right now it's actually trading for just below its book value for the first time.
BULL11|Since before tax reform pushed its profits higher, so it's it's look like a great bargain right now.
NEUT12|And once the ticker for Bank of America that is BAC OK, good stuff.
NEUT13|Well yeah, I'm taking a page from your book here and going with the bank, I'm going with Wells Fargo this week.
NEUT14|Ticker is WFC.
BEAR15|You know it has not been a good year for Wells Fargo stock.
BEAR16|Down 20% over really 20%.
NEUT17|Now when you consider today's selling as they continue to try to put a number of scandals behind them and over the summer wells was required to submit a plan to regulators.
BEAR18|For improving their compliance and operational risk management, and ultimately that plan failed to win fed approval.
BEAR19|Not good.
NEUT20|That means they got to go back to the drawing board.
BEAR21|They're firing around 3:00 or firing around three dozen district managers and connections with the sales practices that got them in this trouble.
NEUT22|They continue to operate under that asset cap that you've mentioned before, meaning they essentially can't grow until they have the permission to do so, and I think, really, this all kind of boils down to me is, should Tim Sloan, the CEO of the company.
NEUT23|Should he be leading this company going forward I I never really was a big fan of his taking that CEO role because he was the CFO.
NEUT24|I believe before he'd been with the company for awhile, so a lot of this stuff was happening under his watch already.
BULL25|With all of that said, Wells Fargo is a huge bank with a tremendous presence in our mortgage market.
NEUT26|In it's not a bank that can just disappear.
NEUT27|I mean everybody is going to determine their own line, but I can't help but wonder if maybe there isn't an opportunity.
NEUT28|Brewing here for folks looking to get that exposure to Wells Fargo, generally speaking, still has a lot going for it.
NEUT29|"Snafus aside so worth keeping our eyes on in the coming weeks to see if they can't get their house in order."""
