BEAR0|"""The Great Depression was one of the worst global economic downturns in all of history, lasting approximately from late 1929 to around March 1933, it resulted in the loss of around 13 million jobs in the United States alone, causing the country's unemployment rate to rise to its highest ever recorded at 25%."
BEAR1|The town of Quincy was one of thousands of towns affected negatively by the depression.
NEUT2|Quincy currently has a population of only 7300 people and is located in the northwestern side of Florida, 25 miles from Tallahassee.
NEUT3|Though many in the town had very little in the bank at this time period, people spent their last few nickels on a bottle of Coke.
BULL4|Quite often, the demand for Coca Cola's new at the time, syrupy soft drink was still alive, despite the economic crash that was suffered.
NEUT5|Pat Monroe was a banker from the town of Quincy and notice the love for Coca Cola's product.
BEAR6|The stock price for Coca Cola was traded at a low $19.00 per share.
BEAR7|This price was lower than what citizens of the town had in the bank.
BULL8|Despite the recession, Monroe sold the cheap stocks as an opportunity to him and the rest of the town to get themselves out of harsh times.
NEUT9|So we started urging his Quincy neighbors to purchase shares.
NEUT10|While the chance was there and being a trusted banker, many listened to him.
NEUT11|He even gave out loans to those who can't afford to purchase shares.
BULL12|During this time, Coca Cola increased advertising costs.
BULL13|Throughout the depression to increase long term equity despite its stock price having suffered from the downturn, this advertising gave Coca Cola a customer loyalty base stronger than most other companies.
NEUT14|This was a crucial reason for Coca Cola's success over the next decades.
BULL15|With this success, the company brought those share investors from Quincy upwards with it before long around 70 inhabitants of the town were named Coca Cola Millionaires.
BULL16|The farming town became the richest US city per capita.
BULL17|Having ownership of over half the released public shares of Coca Cola, many cite the Quincy shareholders as a major reason for the company's growth into a worldwide conglomerate.
NEUT18|To this day, using the huge funds generated by the dividends, the town so large improvements in the town through donations, creating the Robert F Munroe School Library for example, and fathers and grandfathers were able to create trust funds to send their children to college recessions.
BULL19|After the Great Depression was still held out better than most by the town due to investors.
BULL20|Being able to live off the dividends of the shares today.
BULL21|Coca Cola is the strongest brand in the world.
NEUT22|In the food and non alcoholic drinks sector.
NEUT23|Just one share of the company bought for $40 in 1919 is set to a value of $6.4 million today.
NEUT24|The town today has significant signs of the Coca Cola legacy and the grandchildren of the Coca Cola.
NEUT25|Millionaires still exist there as well as the bank that was responsible for pulling the town out of economic despair almost a century ago.
NEUT26|Thank you for watching as always and stay tuned for more interesting videos by hitting the subscribe button and that Bell icon.
NEUT27|"Leave a like to show some support and I'll see you on the next one."""
