NEUT0|"""You know, gambling has gotten a lot of attention in the last couple of weeks because of Robin Hood and Reddit and GameStop."
NEUT1|Everybody from congressional lawmakers to Charlie Munger are comparing trading to gambling.
NEUT2|I'm wondering whether you see Robin Hood as a competitor.
NEUT3|I I definitely don't see them as a competitor.
NEUT4|It's not gambling and in terms of how it's regulated, of course I think people can argue whether there's similar dynamics in the way some people use the product.
NEUT5|So I think most people still trade and buy stocks for long term wealth creation, not for recreation and entertainment.
NEUT6|But you know, certainly, I think there are some that might, but we don't see it as a competition thing.
NEUT7|We see it is completely separate product.
BULL8|You had a really incredible quarter with the beat on both the top and bottom line.
BEAR9|In part you say because of this whole work from home environment and people had fewer options for their disposable income.
NEUT10|Do you think that that changes once the economy starts picking up again in all sectors?
NEUT11|Once people start going back to work once?
NEUT12|We're not so concerned with the pandemic and protection.
BULL13|1st thank you and you know we did talk about this a bit on the earnings call.
BULL14|As we thought about our guidance next year, we did build a bit of conservatism into the back half of the year with the expectation that there may be some softening of some of the tailwinds that we've seen now.
BULL15|It's hard to determine what was actually driving some of this real increased momentum we see, and I think certainly the industry itself is picking up momentum.
BULL16|We have come a long way in terms of optimizing a lot of our marketing product.
NEUT17|But you have to, you know, think that at least a good chunk of it was coming from some of this pent up demand with no sports in Q2 and lay Q1 a lot of the stay at home nature of the pandemic, as well as the fact that you know potentially hundreds of billions of dollars of consumer spending and other sorts of entertainment and leisure categories like travel and dining out.
NEUT18|I've really gone away in those sectors in those categories, so I have to imagine some of that is what's been driving.
BULL19|This incredible response received to our marketing.
BULL20|And really strong activation and revenue on our customer base.
NEUT21|And that's why we built a bit of conservatism into the back half of this year.
NEUT22|I should say, with the expectation that we might see people start to get back to some of those other activities.
BULL23|Conservative, but you raised guidance from what it was previously by about $100 million and you said look, part of the reason why we delivered or overperformed on our core businesses because there was luck on your side.
BULL24|Better hold and Illinois extending the opportunities for customers to sign up on mobile.
NEUT25|We now are seeing almost 20 states considering sports gambling bills.
NEUT26|What would you tell them about the importance of looking at mobile as the potential for growth?
NEUT27|Well, I think we've seen this even before the pandemic, that the vast majority of betting handle have revenue is generated on mobile.
NEUT28|It's not to say there shouldn't be brick and mortar in person sports betting.
NEUT29|I think that's an important part of many states equation as well.
NEUT30|But the vast majority of the revenue is going to come online and I think that states are noticing that and that's why so many of them.
NEUT31|You know, we're only you know, a couple of years ago there were many states that are considering just brick and mortar.
NEUT32|Now there's very few.
NEUT33|Almost every state that's considering.
NEUT34|It's pending legislation has a mobile component to it.
NEUT35|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT36|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
