BULL0|"""Welcome back today."
NEUT1|I'm going to be doing a technical analysis update on the cryptocurrency anchor, a NKR instead.
NEUT2|the US from finance.
NEUT3|This is just a follow up from my video 2 days ago and it put in this red candle so a couple of things I just want to talk about.
BULL4|So we had drawn out this support level around that 15 and a half cent mark which ultimately did hold on this red candle.
NEUT5|So what we had talked about was that I had wanted to see it potentially go sideways a little bit before starting to curl up.
NEUT6|That is what's starting to happen.
BULL7|Volume is starting to pick up.
NEUT8|A little bit, although I don't necessarily like this shooting star kind of candle, but this one is putting in 'cause it's usually a rather weak candle.
BULL9|It is a good sign to see this one starting to curl up again.
NEUT10|So at this point there's a couple of different levels to watch.
BULL11|I mean, there's definitely some resistance right around that 17 cent mark or 16.8 to 17 cent mark on the daily chart, so I think we need to see it close above that at some point, and you can kind of see that based off of just where the last couple candles couldn't really close above.
BULL12|So kind of just like right in this range, right around here, but this one is starting to have a decent shape to it.
NEUT13|It is staying relatively high and tight, which is something that I do like to see with charts.
NEUT14|As many of you know, if you've been watching so big move up, consolidate some sideways action, start to curl back up the levels to watch at this point would be about that 18.8 cent mark from this week right here, but the biggest bot to watch is going to be a daily close above $0.19 above that, and I'm pretty sure will most likely test all time highs.
NEUT15|On this one, right around that like 21 to 21 and a half cent.
NEUT16|Mark.
NEUT17|And then if there's a break above that, this one will just likely about being back in price discovery will likely continue to run higher.
NEUT18|So those are just kind of like some of my thoughts on this one as far as the downside goes.
NEUT19|I mean some levels.
NEUT20|I want to see holes.
BULL21|I still want to see that 15 and a half cent mark hold on the daily chart.
BULL22|I still think that's a pretty strong level of support.
NEUT23|But if we've looked at the four hour chart, this is something we had drawn out.
NEUT24|It broke this downward trend line, bounced off, it started to pop, and you can see here just on the four hour chart alone, I'd say the first level to watch as far as support.
NEUT25|You know above that like 15 and a half, 15.4 to like 15.3 cent Mark would be right around that like 16 cent level.
NEUT26|I think if we lose that one then that's most likely when we're going to see you know.
BEAR27|Potentially a retest of this prior support in the low 15, but I think that's the biggest level to hold because if it does start to get lossed and start to breakdown, you can already picture what some of these candles will start to look like.
BEAR28|And then a loss of that level probably sends it to like $0.14.
NEUT29|But what we need to see to turn this wanna really bullish again as we need to see even more volume come in 'cause this is still pretty weak in comparison to pretty much all the other big moves this ones had recently and we need to see some big volume come in in that break above like the 16.8 to 17 cent Mark.
BULL30|And I think this one can get pretty exciting again.
NEUT31|So those are just some of my thoughts on anchor, not a financial advisor.
NEUT32|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT33|"If you're going to be investing it, go speak to a certified financial advisor and if you found this video valuable at all, go ahead and like, comment, subscribe and share."""
