BEAR0|"""We've got a market flash here on Disney Seema Modi with the details seem a hi Sarah Disney shares fell late in the regular session after MarketWatch reported that an alleged whistleblower is claiming Disney overstated its revenue for years."
BEAR1|Disney, responding to MarketWatch, saying the company had reviewed the whistleblower's claims and found that they were quote utterly without merit.
NEUT2|Now a spokesperson for the SEC declined to comment to CNBC.
NEUT3|We are also attempting to make contact with the whistleblower and awaiting a comment from Disney on this unconfirmed report.
BEAR4|Meantime, shares of Disney finishing off the lows of this session.
NEUT5|Scott back to you, we should be clear, seem as well.
NEUT6|We're not just talking about anybody here.
NEUT7|This is somebody who was on the inside.
NEUT8|This is a former according to senior financial analyst, according to the report, they're claiming this was an insider who has come forward.
NEUT9|Yes, at Disney, so again awaiting a full statement from Disney and Clarity on this topic.
NEUT10|And again, so far no comment from the SEC on this.
NEUT11|Unconfirmed reports.
NEUT12|Yeah, see my thank you.
NEUT13|There's Disney shares not not doing a whole lot of movement, but while this is interesting as we said, you know, as this story alleges from a former insider at Disney alleging all this stuff, just a handful of days after an outsider has made these allegations on General Electric and its accounting obviously hard to know.
NEUT14|If you can make a judgment on the merits of this, and I think that the market can probably look at the fact that Disney is familiar with these claims already.
NEUT15|In other words, this is not coming as news to the company.
NEUT16|And say OK, fine, maybe they've been vetted a little bit to be specific there in the theme parks division and just for context, I mean Disney is a company that is, you know, a very reliable cash flow generator.
NEUT17|It's not really in these intricate businesses that I think where you have a lot of revenue recognition games, although maybe there are some in the theme park area that people are not aware of.
BEAR18|Yeah, I wonder are shares halted in the post market?
NEUT19|I just wanted not even moving at all.
NEUT20|I just wonder if they had to do that to put out the statement.
NEUT21|There were still there wasn't a statement.
NEUT22|This is a report.
BEAR23|Journalistic report on this whistleblowers claim, yeah, I know, but I know some of the games ended flat for the day.
NEUT24|"Yeah, will wait to learn more."""
