NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this."
NEUT1|Be a video chart on ticker symbol AMD.
NEUT2|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT3|If you're not sure what I mean by 30 minute, I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL4|Well, nice move today in the late afternoon with the Fed announcement, AMD reacted very nicely with it.
NEUT5|So now it's just a question of, you know, can the price continue to start to build upon this momentum?
NEUT6|That was very clearly established in the afternoon here and the first step before anything else is.
NEUT7|Let's just see if it can start to maintain areas of support in that new level of support that you're going to watch very closely is right there at 8050.
NEUT8|Nothing fancy, nothing complicated behind that, other than the fact that we were did the bleeding finally stopped today, and not only did the bleeding stop there a couple of times, that was also the spot that ultimately.
BULL9|Got the price moving in the upward direction so 8050 going to be that near term of sport which as of now good news.
NEUT10|The price isn't anywhere close to it so it's not like it's even a support.
NEUT11|That's potentially, you know, being threatened of being broken or anything like that.
NEUT12|But yeah, 8050 is going to be the first key level if the price were to go down there and actually breakdown through it.
NEUT13|Next key level of support after that would then be down there right around $79.40 in terms of levels of resistance.
BEAR14|2 main levels that really stand out first, the level is going to be this area right there which has been very annoying and stubborn at 8325.
NEUT15|If you go back through the history of the chart, you can see right there, rejected, rejected, and then once again this afternoon rejected.
NEUT16|So I'm not saying that level can't be broken or anything like that.
NEUT17|I'm just saying it's become very apparent.
NEUT18|You know, that's kind of a little thorn in the side of the Bulls right now that will need to be cleared if there is going to be any sort of movement to the upside as far as the next level of resistance.
NEUT19|More so kind of the overarching level that would be right up there at 8465.
NEUT20|So yeah, 8465 without a level that should be talked about, but you don't want to talk about it too much.
NEUT21|You don't want to put too much focus on it until the price can first prove itself by getting up above that 8325 Mark.
NEUT22|We're going to maintain levels to watch moving forward, so let's see how this one continues to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
NEUT26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me.
BULL27|Unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT28|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT29|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up.
NEUT34|For a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
