BEAR0|"""I think the banking sector situation has been challenging for about 2-3 years now."
NEUT1|I think now we have gone past the addressing stage and now in the resolution stage.
BULL2|So I think foreign investors are fairly sanguine about the fact that it's on track and there is an underlying sense of urgency.
NEUT3|So I don't think they're as worried about that.
NEUT4|And besides banking sector and the RBI, they're also looking at what's happening on the political end.
NEUT5|And like you mentioned earlier in the conversation, there is also just coming in for the state elections.
BEAR6|So that's going to be another short term distraction for the markets as well as investors.
BEAR7|So what this net net means is that the weight and approach earlier in the year because of external catalysts is going to extend now because of domestic difficulties.
NEUT8|So I don't think I don't see them coming in and full flow irrespective of how the Fed goes or oil prices being current levels.
NEUT9|If these results coming in from the elections accounting is underway as we speak aren't in the ruling parties favor, then what happens to markets?
NEUT10|So I think that has.
BEAR11|Yesterday was the exit polls over the weekend, so that has already given you an indication that ruling party is not faring 2 balance, particularly stronghold states.
BEAR12|Today's results, as on now seems to suggest that they are not faring as well, so along lines of exit polls, so there will be probably another Patch of weakness that will go in.
NEUT13|But then attention turns to what so you know, state elections are seen as a litmus test for general elections do, but not all states vote in the same way in the States.
NEUT14|As well as the general election time.
NEUT15|So yes, certainly a sign of what's times to come, but its implication on fiscal policy will be very important to watch.
NEUT16|I'm wondering, could it perhaps encourage the government to go further on voter friendly policies if you will?
NEUT17|Some populist measures.
BULL18|Some other measures that may be good for the voters in the near term, but not so much for the economy in the long term.
NEUT19|I don't think anything big can be announced or will have the desired impact.
NEUT20|It's just short period of time.
NEUT21|Rather, I would think the attention would be on the reforms that have already been announced.
NEUT22|So for instance, we will talk about minimum support prices for agricultural crop produce that has not really had any impact, so I think to improve that machinery procurement and that will be more of a focus and GST.
BULL23|Of course they have continued to make it easier for the trading community, so I think that will be something that will be pushed forward.
NEUT24|Hey everybody, it's Hadley.
NEUT25|Gamble from our new CNBC Middle East Bureau in Abu Dhabi.
BULL26|Thanks for stopping by.
NEUT27|"Now to watch more you can try one of the videos that just popped up on your screen and don't forget to subscribe."""
