NEUT0|"""To start, if I may on this this deal with Warner's and doing scripted content, how much of that is really genuinely new?"
NEUT1|Because clearly there's a lot of audio content, some of which is scripted out there at the moment.
NEUT2|What is the sort of knew aspect of this?
NEUT3|Yeah, I think if you if you take a step back and say I mean for us it's really about creative expression and allowing as many creative artists to, you know, share their talent and share their work on Spotify.
NEUT4|And what we've talked about is, you know our mission statement is to have over a million creators live off.
NEUT5|There are and connect them with over a billion consumers globally.
NEUT6|And so that's what we're really focused on.
NEUT7|And so for us result it's all types of different content types of audio.
BULL8|You know, our goal is to be the number one streaming audio player globally.
NEUT9|And for us it means continue to add exclusive originals and differentiated content on the on the platform and so scripted content is 1 news sports.
BULL10|Obviously we've made acquisitions already.
NEUT11|We've got licensing deals with some other people, so for us it's really about just having the most differentiated and unique content we can have on the platform.
NEUT12|That sort of gets creators work out there and connect with their consumers.
NEUT13|And when it comes to the DC Comics deal, I mean on one level you can think of the story to tell there, but on another level you think of.
NEUT14|You know Christopher Nolan's Batman movies and you think they're very visual shows?
NEUT15|They're not audio based?
NEUT16|How will you kind of balance those two competing factors out?
NEUT17|Yeah, I think look, I think audio is a very unique medium.
NEUT18|I think there are different ways that you can express things in audio that you can't in visual.
NEUT19|For instance, you know I think we talked about in the Batman example, being able to hear Batman's inner thoughts and inner monologue and those types of things will be unique and differentiated.
NEUT20|And being able to take stories in different directions where they haven't already gone, gone.
BULL21|So we're just super excited about being able to have all sorts of differentiated and unique content on the platform.
NEUT22|I wanted to focus on the big podcast news.
NEUT23|Obviously with President Obama and Bruce Springsteen, which is getting a lot of attention.
NEUT24|You're clearly spending a fortune on content in podcasts.
NEUT25|How are you monetizing it?
NEUT26|Yeah, I wouldn't say fortune.
NEUT27|I would say we're trying to be very thoughtful and strategic about what we're spending on content.
NEUT28|I think when we look at the content spend for us, it's really about again driving engagement on our platform.
NEUT29|It's driving new users that exposing new and unique content to new and unique users.
NEUT30|If you actually go back and look about a year ago, year and a half ago, we had said that by adding podcasts and that content on the platform that we felt that there was there were correlated between podcast growth and engagement on our platform and over the last year.
NEUT31|But we really wanted to prove out is the causality like is there an actual relationship between having this unique and differentiated content on our platform and actually driving increased retention, increased engagement, and most importantly driving higher lifetime value?
BULL32|And So what we believe we're now able to prove is that by having this differentiated content, we're actually improving and increasing lifetime value for for each consumer user or subscriber that joins our platform and so we feel really good about the investment we've made.
NEUT33|We've said it a number of times on earnings calls that.
BULL34|If you see us continue to invest, you know aggressively in this area it's because we're seeing the returns on our platform from engagement and retention, and reduce churn, and so we feel really good about the investments we've made so far.
NEUT35|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT36|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
