BEAR0|"""Chili's is currently sitting at $0.10 over the past week."
BULL1|It gained 217% in price and is currently retracing along with the rest of the market.
BULL2|But I believe that it will be heading higher.
NEUT3|We're going to be setting a price target a bit later on guys, but first will you be able to buy a massive gold or for your new property if you invest in Chili's in 2021?
NEUT4|In this video we're going to be setting a price target and we'll be looking at the fundamentals.
NEUT5|Chili's has a market cap of 561 million, a 24 hour trading volume of 595 million, a circulating supply of 5.3 billion and the maximum supply of 8.8 billion.
NEUT6|So Chili's is a fintech platform for the sports and entertainment industries, and their goal is to allow global fans to get closer to their favorite sports teams and clubs.
NEUT7|Chili's can be used for fan engagement and as an alternative payment solution for merchandise and conventional products and over here we see how the platforms funds are being used.
NEUT8|58% for operational expenses.
NEUT9|20% for user acquisition, 10% for corporate structuring.
NEUT10|5% for security and legal fees and 7% for ecosystem support.
NEUT11|Heading to the White paper, we see that the vision of Chili's is to give billions of sports and esports fans a currency to buy direct voting power in their favorite organisations and create a crowd management platform for teams, leagues and events over here we see how the market that Chili's is trying to disrupt is huge.
NEUT12|And the E sports and video game Industries are larger than the film and music industries combined.
NEUT13|And the traditional sports industry is much larger than that.
BULL14|OK guys, I hope you're enjoying the video so far.
NEUT15|If you I drop a like and comment down below if your whole Chili's in your wallet or if you're about to buy some currently sports fans can only participate passively in the sports that they engage in and the direct contact that sports teams have with their fans is transactional in nature where they pay for merchandise and other products.
NEUT16|Chili's offers a platform where fans get a direct vote in their favorite sports organisations.
NEUT17|So with Chili's, fans can make team wide decisions including influencing lineups and friendly matches.
NEUT18|And what's really exciting is that teams can be built from the ground up to run on socialis.com and this lets the fans choose which players are drafted onto the team.
NEUT19|And fans can also influence leaguewide decisions regarding the length of the season and competitive matchmaking formats.
NEUT20|OK guys, we're going to get to our price target in a moment, so make sure to continue watching and something that's really interesting.
NEUT21|Is that some of the most valuable sports clubs in European football are owned by groups of 10s of thousands of supporters and the supporters elect their teams, board members and leaders.
NEUT22|The interesting thing about this is that rushel is this Democratic running of the clubs will be running on the blockchain, which is more secure and efficient.
BULL23|Getting back to the chart, I believe Chili's has huge potential, especially in the long term.
NEUT24|And it is especially unique in the cryptocurrency space.
BULL25|It provides a new market opportunity for many sports clubs, and I believe the total market cap of four billion U.S. dollars is achievable during the peak of this altcoin cycle and that would give us a bit more than A7X in price.
NEUT26|"And the price target of $0.71."""
