BEAR0|"""An eye opening report on Robin Hood, Traders and their effect on the market during the pandemic research from the Swiss Finance Institute shows that individual investors had an impact five times the size of their estimated assets in Q2 of last year, report says."
BEAR1|Robin Hood demand substantially alleviated the negative returns that were observed in Q1, but the return effects even more pronounced during the recovery in Q2.
NEUT2|I mean that five times Jim, that is, that's remarkable.
NEUT3|Well look, they were.
NEUT4|Running in when people running out.
NEUT5|I know that there are a lot of people at major firms who were surprised to see how aggressive they were, and obviously when everyone else is kind of frozen, which is what was going on Robin Hood, both with options of a common stock.
BULL6|A lot of people just got great bases, did a lot, that was terrific.
NEUT7|I think now they're kind of flummox.
NEUT8|One of the things feelings I have is is that the professionals have take taking back the market and they are very very.
NEUT9|Reluctant to own the same stocks that the Robin Hood people own?
NEUT10|A lot of the people who bought in Robin Hood bought these kind of aggressive growth stocks that are the ones that are really getting crushed and they get seem to get crushed every time interest rates go up.
BEAR11|Carl, these portfolios are just getting rocked.
NEUT12|Just rocked that sort of Egypt.
BEAR13|For some it remains a long term bullish narrative.
NEUT14|This idea that institutions have not run into those epicenter names that you talk about because they are so wedded to long term growth in anfang for example, but that once they make that turn, that's going to be an explosive move as well.
NEUT15|Will look I happen to think that Robin people, I don't want to say they're here to stay because some of them have already reached the stage of acceptance.
NEUT16|In terms of their grief, but there are plenty of less.
NEUT17|A lot of a lot of capital, and they get the stimulus checks, but they have to be a little more circumspect about the let's let's call him the Kathy would names.
NEUT18|I mean, there's just a lot of people don't have a lot of these people do not have an appetite for loss, and when were the riding high?
NEUT19|It was terrific, but now they really gotta hunker down call.
NEUT20|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT21|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
