NEUT0|"""I guess the two elements that will be most relevant to the average American are potentially the effect that it's going to have on interest rates."
BEAR1|Sorry mortgage rates which have gone down since yesterday and are continuing to go down, and that is a result in part of yesterday's action.
NEUT2|And also I think just the.
NEUT3|Savings vehicles that people have, whether it's savings, accounts, money, market accounts, or if they're investing in any kind of federal bonds.
BEAR4|So those are all going even further down.
NEUT5|So part partly good, partly bad.
NEUT6|The full effects are going to take a little while to be to be felt, particularly in actually getting those mortgage rates that are that are now being advertised there.
BEAR7|The credit is still very tight.
BEAR8|Banks are still less willing to lend money to each other and to individuals.
NEUT9|Then they should be at this point and so yesterday's move is not going to have the effect of immediately making everybody more comfortable with lending money.
BEAR10|I think this does help the big three, but it's a small help in comparison to how much help they need.
NEUT11|This is something that will bring down the cost of a car loan, but I don't think that you know that in itself is going to have people going out and making the commitment to buy a car, and in particular buying an American car.
BULL12|It helps all the competitor car companies as well so.
BULL13|The Big Three are in a little bit better spot, but so are their competitors.
NEUT14|the Fed is trying new things, has tried a number of new things other than just lowering rates, and I think that the next time they meet rather than look for a rate cut, people are going to be looking for what is the new plan that they can implement.
NEUT15|Whether that's getting in there and directly buying some of these bad mortgages from the banks or something else there.
BULL16|"Certainly come close to running out of bullets in terms of lowering the interest rates, but that doesn't mean that there aren't other things that they can and will be trying."""
