BULL0|"""Hey guys and welcome to the channel."
NEUT1|In this video I'm going to be talking bout HCMC stock.
NEUT2|I'm going to be giving an update on the stock as it had a really big week and I'll be giving my thoughts and predictions on the stock going forward.
NEUT3|So stick around.
NEUT4|But before I get into the video, if you want to be able to access all of my trades and also be able to see My Portfolio, definitely consider joining the Patreon through the link in the description, which will get you into the private.
NEUT5|Discord would be able to access all the moves I make each day.
NEUT6|I give out my buy and sell signals every time I buy and sell stock during the day.
NEUT7|Alright, so let's get into the video.
NEUT8|The company's name is healthier Choices Management Corp ticker symbol HCMC.
NEUT9|So just a quick overview of the company they are health based company and they provide their customers with a healthier lifestyle choice to everyday lifestyle choices.
NEUT10|There's also three aspects to this company which are about to pop up on the screen very quickly each.
NEUT11|I'm not going to go super deep into them just to see what they are, but if you are interested in learning about them, head over to their website and you can read it all there.
NEUT12|I'm not going to do it just because this is a quick update video, so there's three aspects of the company they have their property Holdings, their healthy choice markets where they have fresh and organic foods.
NEUT13|You also own 9 vape shops.
NEUT14|I'm taking a look at the stock in the week.
BULL15|We did end the week up 136% on the week after we did hit high earlier in the week of being up 233%.
BEAR16|So if you take a look towards the end of the week there was a bit of a sell off on Thursday and Friday, but this was this was to be expected, especially after being up around 200% earlier in the week.
NEUT17|My overall thoughts on the stock is there's a lot of potential here for this company, but being a penny stock just now, there is some more risk associated with it.
NEUT18|So if you decide you want to invest in this, make sure you do a lot of research so that you're comfortable investing my expectations for the stocks that we're going to see some steady growth going forward and this dip in price.
BULL19|Well here looks to be a good entry point, especially if you're thinking about starting position.
BULL20|So there's some good cattle is coming up for this stock, so I think there's a lot of potential here, and holding this stock seems to be a solid move.
NEUT21|Some of the upcoming catalyst for the stock or earnings on February 17th, which is not confirmed, but this is the date that they're likely to announce earnings based on historical announcement days as well.
NEUT22|Some rumors surrounding their earnings.
BULL23|So even if this doesn't end up being the exact earnings date, earnings are expected to be out very soon and I'm expecting their earnings to beat the expectations, which would be very good for the stock.
NEUT24|Another upcoming factor, of course, is the lawsuit that they're currently under, but I do have high hopes that they're going to win this lawsuit, but there's always the chance that they don't, which either way it could affect the stock.
BULL25|So either way, if we win or lose the lawsuit, I still think there's a lot of long term potential here, and I think the lawsuit would just kind of affect the stock price in the short term, because if we win I would expect it to rise a little bit, and if we lose we may see a bit of a dip, but if we do lose and we get a good dip, that could be a good buy range.
NEUT26|If you're looking to hold long term.
BULL27|Overall, I think there's enough catalysts coming up for the stock to keep it growing in this dip that we've seen on Thursday and Friday.
BULL28|Could be a goodbye opportunity come market open on Tuesday.
BULL29|Trying to capitalize on the upcoming catalyst, which they could end up being either really good for the stock or not so great, but I do like her odds.
NEUT30|So in my opinion, there is a lot of potential and also some risk to this investment.
NEUT31|So this is one of those stocks I'd recommend if you are deciding you want to get into it.
NEUT32|Just make it a small percentage of the portfolio, 'cause either way ends up good or bad.
NEUT33|It's not going to affect you that much either way.
BULL34|So my prediction is going forward or that we'll see some steady growth, and I expect us to be earnings.
BULL35|And if we do this, I expect us to have a jump in price right after earnings, and that's around the range I might like to take some profit.
NEUT36|So what do you guys think about the stock?
NEUT37|Let me know your predictions down below.
NEUT38|I've been hearing a lot about this stock and I thought I'd give an update, so I hope you guys enjoyed and to end the video off.
NEUT39|"Remember, this isn't financial advice, this is just for entertainment purposes only."""
