NEUT0|"""Yeah, so Google's chief people Officer sent an employee wide email yesterday to employees, basically saying that while there's still a deadline of September 1st to where employees can come back, they're starting to open up offices and move employees in on a volunteer basis starting this month."
NEUT1|So it's a little bit sooner than expected, but you know, by no means are they saying you know employees need to start coming in right now.
NEUT2|It's more of a, you know, open to employees saying we're starting to see improvements in other areas of the country.
NEUT3|And so in some areas you may have the option to come back starting soon, and this is really just, you know, Google is trying to get employees to take seriously and and to know that they really value collaboration and in person work.
NEUT4|This is a little bit different from what we're seeing from some other companies that you know, like Facebook, which said that you know it seems at least 50% of its workers doing mostly remote our Twitter or square thing.
NEUT5|They can do it indefinitely so.
BULL6|You know, Google is historically a very collaborative company.
NEUT7|They really like employees to be there.
NEUT8|They have really secretive projects that they need people to be in close contact with, so this is really an extension of that, and you know, they're saying we want people in office.
NEUT9|You gotta wonder, Jennifer, if this is going to be sort of a, you know, one factor in job search, you know for somebody if they were deciding between a job at Google or somewhere else where you mentioned where you can remote work if Google is at a disadvantage.
NEUT10|Or maybe an advantage because of where they're placing the emphasis on corporate office culture.
BULL11|Yeah, yeah, I think that's a good point.
NEUT12|And people will probably make decisions based on that.
NEUT13|I think Google Google's return plan though is starting in September.
NEUT14|There's still going to adopt this sort of hybrid model so employees will come into office for at least three days a week, but they'll still get some flexibility there.
NEUT15|And I think Google Smart and that wants to, you know, make sure that has the best talent.
NEUT16|It's not going to be too rigid.
NEUT17|They're giving employees options.
NEUT18|If they do, you know want to apply to go to a different office or a location, and so there's just some extra hoops to jump for that.
NEUT19|If they do want to do that long term.
NEUT20|But overall they've been on top of really organizing this, and I think they want to keep the talent that you know once you know, not this one size fits all, but it's sort of more flexible approach.
NEUT21|Alright, Jennifer, thanks Jennifer Elias with cnbc.com.
NEUT22|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT23|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
