NEUT0|"""AMC Today is the day."
NEUT1|So currently MCS at $6.09 an I'm filming this before the pre market is open and pretty much I'm looking at the actual NASDAQ short interest publications and a lot of you have seen rumors where they're saying essentially today is the day that something is supposed to be released where they will show us the actual data and right now you can see here.
NEUT2|They have the settlement date at 1/29 and then we have the due date at 2:00 to 2:00.
NEUT3|So it's basically February 2nd and then the dissemination date is 29, which essentially is today when I'm filming this video and to my understanding again someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe it is basically stating the actions up until the closing time on the 29th.
NEUT4|So pretty much.
NEUT5|I'm not, I'm not sure of his counting anything past the 29th in terms of the data, but again, I could be wrong, but until 10 only this is released, which is going to be a couple hours later today.
NEUT6|We'll see, but at least we can actually see some sort of numbers, right?
NEUT7|'cause I see a lot of people on Reddit.
NEUT8|They been posting very 93 ninth, but you don't want the linking an official document stating that.
NEUT9|And here's this I'm using right now and pretty much you can read here.
NEUT10|The FINRA member firms.
NEUT11|They are pretty much required to report their short positions.
NEUT12|As of settlements on the 15th of each month and over the preceding business day, if the 15th is not a business day, and then also too as a settlement on the last business day of the month and then the reports must be filed by the 2nd Business Day after the reporting settlement dates.
NEUT13|And then Lastly, FINRA compiles a short interest data and provides it for publication on the 8 business day after the reporting someone date, and you can read through this stuff, but I want to see more you, but pretty much right now AMC is hovering around the $6 mark.
NEUT14|And depending on what happens, what the data is showing, that will give us a better indication on how many actual shorts are actually left.
NEUT15|Or if you know we're basically taking an L, but I just want to make this quick video updating this, and definitely let me know in the comments below.
NEUT16|What do you think is going to happen in the future.
NEUT17|And also I mean there's more additional dates here as well that you can check out.
NEUT18|But again, if you are holding the bag AMC, let me know.
NEUT19|When you got in and if you're still Hotaling, I am still hauling myself and aside from that guys remember nothing I say is financial advice.
NEUT20|This is just all my opinion, so mission durations before making any investments.
NEUT21|And if you want to follow along for more updates, what's going around with the world?
NEUT22|Hit that subscribe button.
NEUT23|"This video thumbs up and I'll see you in the next one."""
