BULL0|"""Hi guys and welcome to my channel, the place for new and beginning investors."
NEUT1|If you're new here don't forget to subscribe as I have more investment related content planned which you do not want to miss out on.
NEUT2|If you enjoy investing where your passion and check out some of the items we have available in our shop, I'll leave a link in the description below.
NEUT3|If you want to check out.
NEUT4|In this video I will be analyzing the stock I, robot ticker symbol IRBT.
NEUT5|I'll be splitting more analysis for the stock in three main sections as follows.
NEUT6|So firstly we have the company highlights, then a brief financial and technical analysis, and then to conclude my overall thoughts on the company and whether I will buy.
NEUT7|I, robot is a tech company in the autonomous home vacuum cleaners industry, which I believe is a growing industry.
NEUT8|Tech has taken over many sectors such as Commerce with shops like Amazon and Boohoo and caused with new electrical vehicles such as Tesla and home.
NEUT9|Cleaning is just another industry that tech will benefit as a way of reducing manual labor and I robot is one of the leaders in automated cleaning.
NEUT10|Its biggest competitors or sharkninja ecovacs and ice and the main name selling product is the Roomba but they have added another model called Brava.
BULL11|And the iRobot Brava Jet M6 was voted best Robot MOP overall 2020 on NBC News so clearly they are a big name in the industry so at the moment the production of I robot is in China but they are looking to move production elsewhere, possibly Malaysia by the end of 2021 because of the high tariffs so that's good news.
BULL12|Vanguard and Black Rock on a large number of stocks which is reassuring.
NEUT13|Also the owner Colin Angle.
NEUT14|Just from looking at his LinkedIn page, really comes across as a robot nerd which is present to see as it shows someone who has a genuine passion for the industry and the sort of person you'd want to see when the company this just gives me Elon Musk vibes and funny enough if you search iRobot CEO into Google it also comes up saying that people also search for Elon Musk.
NEUT15|So it seems that either general sense of similarity between the two.
BULL16|In terms of their finances, their quarterly revenue was up 43% compared to the same time last year.
BULL17|The revenue growth over the past five years has gone from 616.78 million to 1.21 billion, which is almost doubling.
BULL18|The Prophet has also almost doubled over the past five years, going from 44.13 million to 65.3 million since last year.
BULL19|Net income was up 162% and cash on hand was up 300% overall.
BULL20|Solid figures cash flow an asset to liability ratio.
BULL21|And have also shown consistent growth in their financials over the years.
BEAR22|Their earnings estimates is actually expected to be lower next year according to Yahoo Finance.
NEUT23|Not sure exactly why this is, but this is a long term stock so I'm not overly worried.
NEUT24|So now a brief technical analysis.
BULL25|The share price has gone up over 5% in the last six months, which is good because it's showing stable growth.
BULL26|The past year has shown an accelerated increase in share price of over 64%, which I believe is in no doubt partly due to the pandemic, with more people at home and more people wanting to clean their homes because of it.
BULL27|It's also been a flying start in 2021 and has been up 8% year to date.
BULL28|Looking at the recent fluctuations, this would be a good swing trade as it fluctuates from the 70s into the 80s, but for me personally this is a long term stock, so a good buy and hold unless they currently have their stock as a whole though, so we may need to monitor this for awhile before jumping in the shifting production in 2021 may also shake up the share price, but that may also be a good opportunity to buy in, so overall I would definitely have this as a potential long term growth stock.
NEUT29|I'll probably buy the dips and have some capital to average down if necessary.
NEUT30|Are you invested in eiropa?
NEUT31|Are you going to invest?
NEUT32|Let me know in the comments below if you like this video.
NEUT33|Give it comes up and subscribe.
BULL34|"I'm a new channel and I really appreciate any support to help me grow."""
