BEAR0|"""Many economists are money managers are getting optimistic about the economy next year, but their happy picture could be badly blurred by the Federal Reserve."
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead where you get the insights you need to help navigate this turbulent world.
BULL2|Optimists believe we will get a new stimulus bill and this will help give the economy a sharp boost in the new year.
BEAR3|But what they overlook is that the Federal Reserve could well unleash a bout of inflation, the kind we haven't seen since the terrible 1970s when consumer prices roared upwards and interest rates spiked to Sky high levels and the economy experienced several recessions.
NEUT4|The fuel for that catastrophe was a massive amount of money printing by the Fed.
NEUT5|Unfortunately, our central bank is prepared to do this again in 2021 to the tune of as much as $3.5 trillion.
NEUT6|Why to finance a new round of government spending?
BULL7|Washington will likely pass another stimulus.
BULL8|Bill and Joe Biden wants it to total a number considerably higher than what the Trump administration had been willing to accept.
BULL9|New assistance is much needed, but not on the gargantuan scale.
BEAR10|Many politicians are pushing for, but public pressure motivated by the natural desire to give a new president the chance to pursue policies aimed at aiding a still recovering economy could be intense, especially if a new bill includes a bundle of money for infrastructure.
NEUT11|Projects would only take a few weak kneed.
BULL12|GOP senators, combined with Senate Democrats to get this legislation through.
BEAR13|The budget deficit already baked in by previous relief bills, could well lead to red ink totaling to that $3.5 trillion or even higher.
NEUT14|It would be one thing if this deficit was largely financed by bonds tapping already existing money here and overseas, but the Fed as it did this year, will likely end up buying these bonds by creating money out of thin air.
NEUT15|This is a formula for inflation.
BEAR16|We haven't had much inflation from what the Fed has done this year because worried consumers and businesses have been holding on to a lot of cash, but with several effective vaccines coming along, these uncertainties will dissipate during the spring and summer of next year.
NEUT17|And this mountain of cash will start to circulate.
BULL18|Prices will begin to rise.
BEAR19|Political realities will likely to prevent the Fed from taking counter measures to fight this inflation until it is too late.
NEUT20|All This is why the Senate should approve the nomination of Judy Shelton to the Federal Reserve Board.
BULL21|A genuinely accomplished economist, she understands monetary policy better than most, especially the need for a stable dollar in value alone.
NEUT22|She won't be able to change policy, but you'll be able to ask the probing questions this insular institution so badly needs to hear, particularly at a time like this.
NEUT23|I'm Steve Forbes.
BULL24|"Thanks for listening to send in your comments and suggestions and look forward to being with you soon again."""
