NEUT0|"""In February, the US House of Representatives summoned a lineup of villains for a public rebuke of the GameStop, trading Debackle among Wall Street's purpose in attendance were Vlad Tenev, CEO of Robin Hood, Melvin Capital hedge fund manager Gabe Plotkin, and quantitative trading billionaire Ken Griffin of Citadel Securities."
BEAR1|Missing from the lineup was a secretive trader from Bala Cynwyd, PA, named Jeff Yas.
NEUT2|Yas is the co-founder and head of a global trading powerhouse named Susquehanna International Group.
NEUT3|His firm is the largest trader of listed stock options in America by some measures.
NEUT4|And like Citadel, Susquehanna is skilled traders devoured the order flow coming from free trading apps like Robin Hood in 2020.
NEUT5|Susquehanna Squance traded some 1.8 billion stock options contracts, 80% more than the prior year, and accounting for nearly 1/4 of all options trades in the US, according to Alpha Cution research yes.
NEUT6|Bootstrapped Susquehanna, in part with startup Capital plucked from racetrack pots in poker tables in the 1970s, and.
NEUT7|Early 1980s.
NEUT8|He then applied his gambling instincts to options markets.
NEUT9|During the 1980s bull Market and his skill for handicapping odds and finding an edge set him apart.
NEUT10|Yes, is number one.
NEUT11|Trading rule is also the mantra of every poker pro.
NEUT12|There is no surer way to win then to bet against someone who is Dumber or less experienced than you otherwise known as the mark at any poker table on Wall Street.
NEUT13|Robin Hood is in the business of cultivating and serving up millions of marks daily.
NEUT14|All of sports betting, all of playing poker, and all of options.
NEUT15|Trading is making sure you're betting against someone you're smarter than the US told the bet.
NEUT16|The Process podcast a year ago.
NEUT17|If you're not asking yourself am I the sucker or am I the bait you get arrogant and you get crushed?
NEUT18|Most members of Congress likely have no idea who Jeff YA says.
NEUT19|That's precisely the way he likes it.
NEUT20|A secretive trader and registered libertarian, yes, sits on the board of the influential Cato Institute.
BULL21|He is one of America's biggest donors to political action committees, supporting low taxes and free markets, and has dedicated millions of dollars to school choice and charter schools in Philadelphia and New York at age 63, yes has built Susquehanna into a global giant without taking a penny of outside capital.
NEUT22|Today, Susquehanna's commands nearly 10% of the market, making volume in exchange traded funds moving over 130,000,000 shares daily in 50 countries around the world.
NEUT23|It's also regularly among the top five market makers in U.S. stocks traded by retail brokers.
NEUT24|Yes, has used susquehanna's trading profits to invest in early stage growth companies around the world.
NEUT25|"Like Tick Tock parent company Byte Dance, the world's most valuable private company."""
