NEUT0|"""Market is focused on jobs tomorrow."
BEAR1|There's a jobs report.
NEUT2|I guess the expectations are 220,000.
NEUT3|What happens if we don't hit that number?
BEAR4|Well, the nature of the jobs numbers getting better is that people start start to expect more out of them.
NEUT5|As you said, the expectations are for around 220.
NEUT6|Number comes in well ahead of that market market may very well take off on the number as support for the economic recovery.
BEAR7|If it comes in below that will find out tomorrow if we're at a point where the market is going to start demanding more than 200,000 jobs a month, we've at this point in the economic recovery people have been saying that you know we should be happy just to have job growth every month.
NEUT8|Last month the number came in at 243 thousand.
BEAR9|If we don't beat that, or at least be somewhere in the neighborhood of that, I could certainly see the market being disappointed with the figure.
BEAR10|So we've had a pretty good rally for the last since the beginning of the year, but recently it the markets kind of had a little hiccup here.
NEUT11|What are the big factors that investors should focus on weighing on the market from here on out?
BEAR12|Well, the big story this week was that on Tuesday we had the 1st 100 point drop in the Dow over the year.
BULL13|After two months of more or less, an unabridged rise of a good chunk.
BEAR14|After that, we've sort of come back the market so that that was only down about 100 points on the week.
BEAR15|Right now, after a big slide on Tuesday were only about 1% below the highs for the year, you know the market had a little bit of a set back, but nothing major.
NEUT16|Looking forward what we want to look too is the jobs report, continued economic data that shows continued improvement, and the real issue there could be.
NEUT17|If oil prices stay high and gas prices become a bigger concern, what impact does that help have on the recovery then?
NEUT18|Look not looking too far ahead, but about a month out we're going to start with first quarter earnings season.
BULL19|An you know fourth quarter earnings were good.
BULL20|They were up, but they weren't a huge gain over last year.
BEAR21|If we see if we continue to see some revisions downward in that it could be a signal that the markets got some headwinds to fight through.
NEUT22|Here, let's talk a little bit about Apple since it seems to be the new bellwether stock for the market.
NEUT23|They just made an announcement their iPad 3.
NEUT24|You know it wasn't as there wasn't as much fanfare as some of the other Apple announcements.
NEUT25|What do you think?
NEUT26|Well, I think it's might be very similar to what happened when they released the latest iPhone in October.
NEUT27|It was Tim Cook's first announcement that he ran after Steve Jobs had stepped down the latest iPhone announcement was met with a similar kind of reaction that we're getting to this newest iPad.
NEUT28|Yes, there were new features, things that people might be excited about, but it wasn't this blockbuster announcement of this revolutionary new product that we've gotten used to over the years from Apple.
NEUT29|What does that mean for the stock?
NEUT30|Well?
BEAR31|Last time around, the stock took a little bit of a hit on the announcement.
BULL32|It recovered somewhat when there were lines around the block.
NEUT33|When the device went on sale, and by the time earnings came out in January and people saw just how many they had sold, the stock went flying so it remains to be seen if will have that same type of impact.
NEUT34|The stock hasn't done much since the announcement yesterday, but I don't think you can really judge it until we see what kind of investor.
NEUT35|"Excuse me, what kind of appetite consumers have for this new product."""
