BEAR0|"""Yeah, and velocity is slowed and partly because the amount of money is being pushed into the economy in the last three months is absolutely unprecedented."
NEUT1|So the rate of growth of M2, which is a standard measure of the US money supply in the last three months, is more than 100% that manualized rate, which is 4 times faster than it's ever been before, so that gives you an idea of how quickly the economy is had to absorb such a gigantic waterfall of money.
BEAR2|Velocity had to drop.
NEUT3|There's no way, no way at all like it could keep moving around the economy.
BEAR4|It's such a normal pace in such large size, so what's happening instead is that it's flooded into the equity market and I've no doubt that the single biggest driver of the stock market has been the surge in liquid ITI, so the Fed doesn't need to provide any any more liquidity.
NEUT5|What it needs to do is ensure that markets continue to function as they put it in a in a smooth manner, and that means they need to get very close eye on yields and you were talking earlier about yields rising.
NEUT6|I don't think I want to see your eyes are great deal further, I don't think they're ready yet to announce formal caps, but I think that there's a very good chance that they'll.
NEUT7|Becoming I think they want to concentrate now instead, rather than just those brute force your balance sheet expansion, which will continue probably have a slower rate, but they will be operating their their facility.
NEUT8|The Main Street lending facility to get money into the into the real economy, funded by the Treasury seated by the Treasury, and again, as I said, they will want to keep the pressure on Congress.
NEUT9|Is it?
NEUT10|You know, this really is very much a joint effort.
BULL11|the Fed is monetizing the government debt, which I think in these circumstances is a good thing.
NEUT12|But the government needs astonishing love too too.
NEUT13|To generate more debts, they haven't done enough yet because the scale of the crisis is still, I think, greater than the $2.7 trillion response, and I think the one and a half trillion dollars of Steve was talking about as being the the median expectation is about right.
NEUT14|So the House has already passed a $3 trillion bill that the Senate are saying they don't want to do anything, so split the difference.
NEUT15|You get one and a half, and my guess is that that will be where we end up, but probably not till sometime, maybe late July.
NEUT16|And that's that's quite a long time for people to be wondering whether there will be any more support coming.
NEUT17|"I think the Fed will remain very clearly on the accommodative side of things for the foreseeable future."""
