NEUT0|"""What's up, people and welcome back to a new video here on my channel today and quickly going to give you an update about the price action of Xop."
NEUT1|This video will be specially related to exactly and you know guys what we're seeing right now is completely as expected.
NEUT2|So if you're already familiar with the channel, you probably know where already will be talking about because.
NEUT3|We were discussing this almost in let's say to pacify streams.
NEUT4|We were always talking about the current scenario that we are right now having with XRP and what are we right now seeing here.
NEUT5|And of course if I looked at a weekly time frame guys, we were forming exactly the same as previously.
NEUT6|So the reason behind this title.
NEUT7|I think that XRP can be searching through $3 in just a matter of three weeks here an my recent believe this is because if I look to previous price action, this is exactly the same we are having currently, so previously we were forming this this symmetrical triangle here.
NEUT8|Before really growing exponentially, so this was of course.
BULL9|Highly anticipated President Biden here.
NEUT10|Because of that we also saw the insane search for the upset, but what are we seeing right now guys?
BEAR11|Of course the outputs are already popping up here an not a lot of people were anticipating the price action of extra P because I mean, I personally don't like it as well here, but I mean I could not ignore the charge the charge was telling me that we're absolutely going to blast off and because seeing this right now over and of course, currently we're still fighting on the weekly candle towards the $0.86 here I have to close above the $0.86 before.
BULL12|Flip a extremely bullish on weekly chart as well here once again, but I mean, yes, we are seeing the break out of this magical triangle here and is exactly the same what we did in 2017 here, so I believe that we can do exactly the same like we did over here and exponential growth to the upside since breaking out of the symmetrical triangle here.
NEUT13|So are we going to see the exact same over and head towards $3 in just a matter of another three weeks here?
NEUT14|Guys, I definitely think that can be happening here because usually historic things are repeating itself historic crimes.
NEUT15|So yeah, right now it is looking very bullish for the price action of except in my opinion.
NEUT16|Also, if you just zoom in a little bit here you can see the significance of this pattern, but finally, breaking out here.
NEUT17|And if you just only purely look through this price target of this despair, and of course it can be bringing us towards $1.10 here, but I definitely think that $3.30 also because he turned already setting in heels.
BULL18|Also my because other coins also following so quickly I think definitely extra P is heading towards $3 guys.
BULL19|Also, the lawsuit that things are going good as well with it.
NEUT20|So this is my reason to believe that this was a very quick update, only two minutes.
NEUT21|But I quickly wanted to say this and later today I will be bringing out another market update.
NEUT22|So keep an eye out on another market update that they will be releasing.
NEUT23|Also will be doing another stream today so today plenty enough of contents that is coming towards your way.
NEUT24|So make sure to already subscribe to the channel if you're new here, make sure to also smash up these guys and I will be seeing you guys back.
NEUT25|"With a new video, goodbye."""
