BEAR0|"""But what's happened is we found this tsunami of gas, and so we basically found too much gas."
NEUT1|Lot of people blame me personally for that, but the the winners are going to be the consumers in the United States and right now it's a regional commodity from the most part.
NEUT2|But the winners are the Consumers United States.
NEUT3|I was talking to the mayor of Philadelphia and the consumers in his district are each household saving about $2200 a year.
NEUT4|On their gas bill, which is the largest impact of any industry in his state so?
NEUT5|What I think gas prices going to do right now.
NEUT6|Gas prices on a relative energy equivalent or selling at a 7th one.
NEUT7|Seventh of the price of oil.
NEUT8|I don't think that will happen.
NEUT9|That will continue forever, but I do think over at least the rest of my career, I expect GATA natural gas prices to be anywhere from 4 to $6, essentially through the rest of my career.
NEUT10|You have generated most of our growth so far by going out and getting equity from markets.
NEUT11|But you're saying that you're getting to a point where you'll be able to generate that internally.
NEUT12|So what's Wall Street role is going to be going forward as well, so you can have a role with with Range Resources, and if so, what's going to be.
NEUT13|We were fortunate to discover the Marcellus, so we've got a lot of people believe is the best acreage position in the best play at the lowest cost, and you know that's one of the reasons that I think I was told that, you know during 2000 and 2010 when the second best performing stock on the New York Stock Exchange.
NEUT14|So it gets back to the your ability to generate value for your shareholders over a long period of time, which is what?
NEUT15|What we're all about, but my sense is, and I'd be interested in both of your perspectives on this.
NEUT16|Is that because all these companies raced out to acquire the acreage and then needed to generate returns off that that essentially they just the way the economics was set up?
NEUT17|Everyone needed to produce, and by the time they were done with it, because the technology was so good, there was just too much gas out there and not enough demand.
NEUT18|I mean, is that essentially where we are today?
NEUT19|Yes, I mean Russell, the industry is made up of literally thousands of companies and drilling 30,000 miles a year.
NEUT20|And so you don't get to see that supply response until all of a sudden it comes at you in a way, if I'm in the industry industry drilled like crazy because the economics were good and all of that gas when you turn those wells on, here comes the gas an it's going to take awhile for the natural decline to offset and shrink the bubble.
BEAR21|So I think we are in a bubble.
BEAR22|I think gas prices stay.
NEUT23|2 to 350, maybe 4 bucks until 2015.
NEUT24|"And then we're going to have to export some of it to really tighten the equations you talk while."""
