NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and Predictions March 20th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, since Neo is number one, what's next?
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started since Tesla is now being banned from Chinese grounds.
BULL3|This now places NIO at the number one spot despite the recent pullbacks due to the validity of the market.
BULL4|NIO is doing great in terms of deliveries, technology and expansion plans, not to mention the biggest catalyst of all is Nio's location in China, which is the world's largest TV market that will lead to a significant growth driver for the company.
NEUT5|An IO is more popular than Tesla in China.
BULL6|While Tesla has a cold black following in the US and elsewhere, but NIO is number one in China, an iOS consistently strong deliveries in 2020 underscores this fact.
BULL7|Anio enjoys a very loyal customer base, according to analysts.
NEUT8|As of March 20, 2170, percent of Nio's new orders came from existing owner referrals.
BULL9|An iOS loyal fan base is also due to the company's efforts to create a community.
BULL10|An IO has also created a very strong ecosystem.
NEUT11|It's fashion line Nio House, where users can come together as a group.
BULL12|NIO has become a lifestyle brand in China, an iOS cult like following in China is also evident during its NIO Day event.
NEUT13|Another thing that puts an eye over Tesla in Chinese customers minds is its quality.
NEUT14|Until now Tesla has been following a quantity over quality strategy which can be risky.
BEAR15|Tesla ranked last among 32 major brands in the JD Power 2020 initial quality study.
BULL16|Anio ranked the highest in the JD Power inaugural China New Energy Vehicle Experience Index study in August 2020.
BEAR17|Some analysts have also voiced their concerns about Tesla's issues, including its interiors and after sales service, Anio will overtake Tesla in China, an IO is scaling up its deliveries in China in 2021.
BULL18|The deliveries more than doubled to 83,728 vehicles.
NEUT19|Many analysts also think that NIO is set to capture a significant chunk of the Chinese market.
NEUT20|According to NIO CEO William Li.
BULL21|As EV Technologies advance and battery cost lowers, it is possible that they may expand to even more territories.
NEUT22|But under a new moniker, company brand name.
NEUT23|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT24|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT25|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL26|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT27|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT28|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
