BULL0|"""Welcome back to Squawk Box."
NEUT1|This morning.
BULL2|Retail investor participation in the markets reaching new Heights.
NEUT3|An euphoria in some cases, co-founder and CEO of Robin Hood, Vlad Tenev writing an Op Ed for cnbc.com out this morning and it's titled becoming an Investor is the new American Dream.
NEUT4|Just like home ownership was before I asked.
NEUT5|Glad about GameStop, of course what we've all been talking about.
NEUT6|A stock which is now been on a rocket ship as part of this short squeeze, and whether those that are investing in this fully understand what they're investing in.
NEUT7|Without commenting on on individual stocks and whether people should or not be investing in them, what I will say is that you know, like many others in the industry, we have processes that respond to increases in volatility in certain names by doing things like raising the margin requirements.
NEUT8|So so you know, we've done that in lots of cases and you know we we were, we always remain focused on making sure the system is reliable, that we're investing in stability, making sure we're up for customers when they need us the most.
NEUT9|In that we're investing in customer support, so those remaining are two priorities.
NEUT10|And other than that, you know.
NEUT11|As you've seen with this market, there's there's things happening, different things happening every week, and I think we have to avoid, you know, running our business as if we're responding to you know what's in the news on a weekly basis and focus on the inputs of making sure that we're a reliable service that we're investing in stability and that were investing in support and educating our customers and providing them the tools that they need to make informed trading decisions.
NEUT12|But just so the public understands, in the case of something like a GameStop are you are you raising margin requirements?
NEUT13|Do you look at a situation specifically like that and say you know what this is?
NEUT14|This is complicated and not only is it complicated, we're not sure whether our own customers fully understand the risks involved here.
NEUT15|Like other brokerages, do we monitor volatility and we take steps as appropriate, like raising the margin requirements.
NEUT16|I do think it's wrong to assume though, that most of our activity is characterized by trading of.
NEUT17|Volatile stocks, as I said before, most of our customers are, you know what's called buying hold they deposited by over the long term.
BULL18|You have seen overall growth in the sector, which means all types of customers from the more active investors as well as the most passive are have been growing through 2020.
NEUT19|And you know, here obviously the passive ones don't get as much attention out in the public.
NEUT20|But I I do think if you look at the products, we're rolling out fractional shares drip recurring through 2020.
NEUT21|These are all intended to help first time investors and also help them on their journey of becoming long term investors.
NEUT22|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT23|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
