NEUT0|"""David Schwartz might actually be the most important person in cryptocurrency that you've never heard of that in spite of actually helping build the technology that led to the creation of the third most valuable cryptocurrency in the world, XRP."
NEUT1|He was largely behind the scenes, but earlier this year he was actually promoted as Chief Technology Officer, operable, and has really come out of late as a leading phase in the cryptocurrency space.
NEUT2|David Schwartz just tapped on the shoulder by the founder of Mount Goks.
NEUT3|One of the biggest and most notorious cryptocurrency exchanges in the world, he had recruited David Schwartz to test an idea.
NEUT4|Could he make a block chains but without so much computing power?
NEUT5|David and Jenn believed that they had done that.
NEUT6|Well, normal Joes like myself can still buy XRP if we wanted their actual target customer weather hoping to make their revenue in the long term.
NEUT7|These banks, which are currently connected through a centralized authority called swim.
NEUT8|But there's some controversy in all of that.
NEUT9|Unlike the Bitcoin blockchain which creates Bitcoin through a process called mining every 10 minutes, XRP was created all at once and then has been slowly divvied out to different parties over the years.
NEUT10|The end result is full itself, now owns the lion share of the cryptocurrency, and there's Ben measures that Ripple has taken to ensure users that they won't spend all that cryptocurrency on a bunch of Lamborghinis and drop the price.
NEUT11|But there's there's still enough.
BULL12|A feeling of concern about this one empty.
NEUT13|I'm so much cryptocurrency and another controversy is that the network itself may or may not be as decentralized as more traditional public blockchain like Bitcoin material course.
NEUT14|Ribel stands firm on the fact that its methodology is in fact more decentralized in Bitcoin and therium, but there's a lot of doubt about the complicated decisions that they made that perhaps have really just.
NEUT15|"Created another Swift, another swift that might do things faster, another swift that might do things cheaper but really just another middleman then."""
