NEUT0|"""Change looks like this ugly volatility where you get moves dramatic moves to the upside and downside to puke things up dramatically like we are seeing today."
NEUT1|Some of it I think it's the markets really trying to reprice anreise reset growth rates for next year and where they're coming in.
NEUT2|We just wrote a piece out this afternoon and said, look today is really a confluence of three events.
NEUT3|Its concerns about trade, it's what happened with Brexit and heightened concerns about a hard landing after what happened in the UK Parliament today, and it's the yield curve.
NEUT4|Right, it's the belly of the curve inverting.
NEUT5|We don't think that that is a material issue, but at 11 basis points on two 10s, it doesn't leave much margin of error and what the bond market is telling investors in telling the Fed is to stop stop raising rates here because you basically have tabletop flatness.
NEUT6|And if we're going to two or three more times, you've got to be able to do that and maintain a positive steepness or slope of 1015 twenty basis points at least so.
NEUT7|Is the market then you know that flatness is this equity market?
NEUT8|Basically worried?
NEUT9|In other words about Fed mistake, a rate hikes that would not be justified by economic conditions.
NEUT10|I think it's worried about the Fed going too far Decembers ago, right?
NEUT11|I don't think there's anything that basically takes us off the path of a December rate hike.
NEUT12|But if you look at fed funds futures now we're pricing in one hike for 2019.
NEUT13|We've gone from an environment where everybody was convinced that it was going to be at least three next year, maybe four for calendar 2019 back to one.
NEUT14|You now have an to service good point, not was there just the downside.
NEUT15|Program selling on equities which would program buying on on Treasurys as well so that whole trade flipped this afternoon.
NEUT16|So is this.
NEUT17|This is really important.
NEUT18|What's going to be going on with interest rates to understand?
NEUT19|And it has a big deal with the stock market.
NEUT20|The reason why stock market is acting the way it's acting is due to the fact that they're worried about the interest rates going up and there's so many companies that are loaded with debt and for the most part, if the Fed decides they already decided that they're going to reduce the amount of rate hikes, so that should have been good enough news, but it seems like the market needs more.
NEUT21|And I would totally watch to see if the Fed cuts interest rates if they really lower interest rates, time to get back on the bandwagon and we'll see what happens with the stock market.
NEUT22|But I would definitely reconsider making a move on real estate to cut interest rates.
NEUT23|But only time will tell.
NEUT24|"So let me know what you guys think about this and I will talk to you soon."""
