NEUT0|"""Well, my my kind of I was always talking with young is kind of nothing too late so you have literally got to go out and fight for everything you can get, but it's out there."
NEUT1|Me and my Granddad was trying to fix a curtain rail to possible and it kept coming down time after time so we went out into the local hardware store and bought all the fixes you could think of.
NEUT2|Nothing would work so we literally had a small little garden shed so we went out there and mopped up anything, something nothing like what it looks like today, but it was basically the same action with like a wing action that spreads the load behind the plasterboard and then we came back in, tried it and it worked and that was kind of the moment really it was just to solve the problem.
NEUT3|When I was back at school when swine flu happened, I used to when everyone was going mad about to have their hands clean everything.
NEUT4|So I went into the local thing Asda and I think they want to sell for pound.
NEUT5|So I bought everything, then stop and then went.
BEAR6|Basically school was selling it for 2/3 pound making a profit and ended up getting told off by the teachers.
NEUT7|So stop that and I end up leaving, leaving scored just 13 and I end up start my own tutoring agency so it's kind of personal agency that found tutors for people and put them in touch with.
NEUT8|The clients.
NEUT9|I mean that I'm prepared.
BULL10|I mean, we've grown so rapidly.
NEUT11|I mean, going on Dragons Den was massive for us.
BULL12|It gotta give us the money that we need to kind of increase production, and then we kind of invented few more product.
NEUT13|Since then, few new changes to the product and we've kind of come from 500 stores like 5000 ounces and short space of two years, so it's crazy.
NEUT14|Things change based on finding the right staff, 'cause then because obviously it's got your business is your baby sort of thing so kind of now trying to find the right staff put in the right places in in the company is my difficult challenge.
NEUT15|Trying to hand that trust over something.
NEUT16|So what's next grip it is?
BULL17|We're helping kind of other inventors that have done the same to us bring their products to market.
NEUT18|So we're doing that through grip.
NEUT19|It would bring out some new products ourselves which is going over to the US in Australia.
NEUT20|"We basically is."""
