NEUT0|"""It's that time of the year again, and we're all waiting for budget announcements with our own wish list in our hand."
NEUT1|This budget of 2018 is particularly waited for three reasons, a it's the first budget after The Big Bang.
NEUT2|GST implementation in turn, meaning they're not expecting much in terms of tax structures, shops or otherwise, and more focus on project implementations and outlays.
BEAR3|B is the last budget before the general elections of 2019, so market is already edgy about.
BULL4|Increases in public outlay and having a populist band.
BULL5|See, this budget comes at a time when we're looking at growth uptick over next few quarters and hence it has the potential to make the growth more broad, based and inclusive.
NEUT6|What's our ask from the budget first and foremost, job creation?
BULL7|We understand that the infrastructure and social projects will create more job opportunities, but we wish for a concert and efforts towards increasing employment in the economy.
BULL8|And that would mean nudging the private sector towards increasing their hiring as well.
BULL9|And in turn it would need effective incentives to hire more like in many other countries.
BULL10|Changes in the labor laws to reduce impediments towards increasing hiring.
BULL11|An also reorienting and increasing the outlook on education system towards more meeting this skill gap in the economy.
NEUT12|2nd and it's as important as the first one.
NEUT13|Please don't get swayed by populist imperatives.
BULL14|Agreed, it's a pre election budget, but you have an exemplary record of fiscal consolidation.
BEAR15|In this fiscal balance is precarious as it is, and we have a legacy of high debt to deal with.
BULL16|Just to end the market is getting comforted with government's commitment to fiscal targets.
BEAR17|Any deviation will spook the market and crowd out private investment.
BULL18|Third, we fish for a holistic approach towards reviving the rural economy.
BEAR19|If we manage to hit the high growth phase and still have instances of declining farm income or farmers in distress, it's a self defeating position.
BULL20|Rural economy needs to be a vibrant and growing part of India's growth story and that needs a multi pronged strategy including price support.
BULL21|Access to market infrastructure creation.
NEUT22|"Access to finance."""
