NEUT0|"""Zelica coin staking price prediction January 17th in today's illegal coin staking price prediction."
NEUT1|Zelica coin 2020 overview alright let's get started as the year 2020 came to a close, silica has released its yearly report for 2020.
NEUT2|The report contained in depth details of Silicas said I'll remarkable growth last year.
BULL3|According to reports, all of these amazing improvements would not have been possible without constant support from its community team and strategic partnerships in the crypto space.
NEUT4|Among its updates is it's huge focus on creating awareness via social media.
BULL5|The Singapore based blockchain over the last 12 months has strategically focused on its social media presence to further achieve more results.
NEUT6|It also incorporated social pay.
NEUT7|Social pay pays users dividends.
BULL8|Instead I'll to carry out social media based tasks such as retweeting tweets, according to the report said I'll wallet addresses experienced an approximate 7X increase over the last 12 months.
NEUT9|The number of addresses is now estimated at over 1,000,000 in December.
NEUT10|Alongside this increase, monthly transactions are also through the roof.
NEUT11|Last October said, I'll attained an all time high with a monthly trading volume of about 12 million.
NEUT12|Earlier this month.
BULL13|The token also experienced an unprecedented price rally, with analysts linking the price increase to the tokens total value locked on staking.
BULL14|Interestingly, Zelica also recorded an unprecedented increase in Google search volume this December.
NEUT15|This means that more people are looking to find out more about the blockchain platform.
NEUT16|That's what's been happening this week in the world of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT17|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT18|If you enjoyed this edition of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT19|Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL20|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT21|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT22|"Check out last week's silica coin staking price prediction by checking out our silica coin staking playlist."""
