BULL0|"""Overstock in the fashion industry as a major barrier to sustainability due to decades old buying strategies based on high volumes and low unit prices."
NEUT1|As a result, many fashion companies are not openly discussing Overstock as their bulging inventory often ends up being incinerated on the face of it.
BEAR2|It may seem a difficult problem to solve.
NEUT3|One startup has built a radically innovative business model replacing designers and buyers with data to avoid speculative order volumes.
BULL4|In doing so, the brand is also redefining fashion design and production models, and crucially, the value proposition for its customers, described by its founder Ramin Ahmari as Zara, meets Netflix.
NEUT5|NFLX finesse creates the product's there GNC target audience want when they want them and in the quantities they demand.
NEUT6|Armed with proprietary, deep tech finesse eliminates the subjective style tendencies of individual designers and speculative order quantities of buyers, thereby slashing the traditional five month lead time to just 25 days and eliminate ING overstock finesse officially launches today, and I interviewed Amari, a recent computer science graduate with investment banking experience to find out how and why key raised $4.54 million in pre seed and seed funding to grow the first AI LED Fashion House.
NEUT7|Ann Marie's idea for finesse came from his propensity to solve inefficiencies with data and a personal relationship with fashion as a queer, non binary person of color navigating uniquely different identities, Amari has used fashion as both a suit of armor and a tool for self expression.
NEUT8|During a zoom interview, he explained how investment banking had given him crucial insight into how financial institutions use natural language processing algorithms to analyze large amounts of on line data from sites, including Twitter.
NEUT9|To predict market and stock price shifts applying this concept to fashion, he explained that the GNC communities on line interactions have notable language traits.
NEUT10|These can be analyzed to determine preference for certain products and other key factors defining the next fashion trends.
NEUT11|Whilst data analysis for trends is not new, finesse is operating using deep tech in an unparalleled way.
NEUT12|Combining time series analysis, natural language processing and computer vision within its machine learning algorithms indicating the fashion trends GNC most want at any given moment.
NEUT13|The philosophy behind this fashion house is also radically different, Amari says.
NEUT14|Fashion's birthplace has moved from the catwalks of New York Paris to social media.
NEUT15|"Drawing on the style and language of GNC and their favorite influencers as the cultural and aesthetic driver for finesse, he explained that the notion of a single muse, endlessly inspiring fashion collections, borders on human arrogance."""
