NEUT0|"""It's claimed this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, first, before anything else, Apple did have earnings, so as of right now of the record, as of the recording this video apples right around, we'll just call it the one forty 175 ish area.
NEUT5|So where is it going to actually open up?
NEUT6|Your guess is good as mine.
NEUT7|We still have all of after hours and then we have all of premarket on Thursday, but nonetheless I'm just going to go ahead and treat it as is because quite frankly, the levels that I talked about in the past still 100% are in effect here, but really just to apply the KISS method.
NEUT8|Keep it simple stupid.
NEUT9|There seems to be just two main levels that still are applying.
NEUT10|And it's just this channel that we've been talking about over the past couple of weeks or not exceeding the past couple of weeks past couple of days and that's just denoted here by this red line and green line.
NEUT11|Now, for those that have watched my past videos on this, you know these should look very familiar.
BULL12|But again, like I said, as of right now the price is looking like it's going to open up well right between these two levels.
NEUT13|So in other words, the price, even after earnings, when an earnings can be crazy.
BEAR14|It's looking like the price is still going to be stuck between the sideways chop action.
NEUT15|So if the price comes out of earnings, Ann is going to be extremely strong then it's all about 1:45.
NEUT16|All eyes will be on 1:45 because again, that's the top part of this channel, and that's been the area that's been very, very stubborn.
NEUT17|So while nothing is guaranteed, it's more than valid.
BEAR18|It's more than a rational to think that if the price can make its way up to 1:45 and get the break up through there that break in and of itself could very well create quite a bit of upside buying pressure.
NEUT19|So that will be the first key technical level.
NEUT20|And then on the flip side, the other level, which is going to be right down there at the 141 mark.
NEUT21|And again, it's looking like the price might open up a little closer to that, so nothing is guaranteed.
NEUT22|But if the price does go sideways and then come down and breakdown through it.
NEUT23|A break of that level could very well create some additional downside selling pressure, so let us certainly going to be another very important level that you're going to want to watch closely, but at the end of the day, it's really just all about the KISS method here.
NEUT24|Keep it simple, stupid, main level of resistance.
NEUT25|Top part of the Channel 145 Main Love support bottom of the Channel 141 and let's see how this one plays out on Thursday.
NEUT26|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT27|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT28|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL29|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT30|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT31|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR32|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT36|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT38|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT39|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT40|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
