NEUT0|"""Kathy, would the founder and CEO of Arc Invest, has a sit down with Forbes chairman and editor in Chief Steve Forbes in which they discussed, among other themes, the trustworthiness of cryptocurrencies on October 6th, Chairman of Forbes Media Group Steve Forbes joined Ark CEO Cathy Wood in Ark."
NEUT1|Analyst James Wang on their most recent Arc podcast.
NEUT2|While most of the 55 minute long podcast is dedicated to the traditional markets, towards the end, Forbes shares his views and thoughts on crypto currencies.
NEUT3|In particular, Bitcoin BTC.
BEAR4|Forbes calls Bitcoin a high tech cry for help due to the people's lack of trust in traditional currencies and points out that the challenge for Bitcoin lays in becoming a coin that is as trustworthy as gold, which has earned its status the hard way over the course of thousands of years.
NEUT5|Although Forbes starts out by saying that Bitcoin is under the influence of too much fluctuation steak, one day dog food the next in the short 6 minutes section where he addresses Bitcoin.
NEUT6|Forbes shows a deep understanding of what Bitcoin is in its current and future role in the financial markets.
BULL7|Adding in the meantime, it's performed a very important role in helping people in distressed situations around the world.
NEUT8|Getting around governments that want to control you and starve you and hurt you.
BULL9|Forbes, his views on cryptocurrency and Bitcoin in particular were quite positive, which is perhaps somewhat surprising considering the traditional financial environment he thrives in.
NEUT10|Cointelegraph previously reported that another traditional financial institution, the German bank Byron LB, suggested that Bitcoin was getting ready to make a big leap forward for in 2020.
NEUT11|"The bank published its latest research report, which stated that the forthcoming Bitcoin halving effect is yet to be factored into its current price of about $8200 and that of vertiginous price of around 90,000 United States dollars might emerge in 2020."""
