BEAR0|"""The effects of South Korea's crypto frenzy seem to be spreading beyond the cryptocurrency market to affect stock prices in the country Stock Exchange, according to a report by Bloomberg on Wednesday."
BULL1|Hand far investment and Securities Co has seen its stock price almost tripled since the start of the year.
BULL2|Indeed, at the time of writing hand far investment is trading at 6550 Korean one per share, which constitutes a 197% stock price gain year to date.
BULL3|This almost 200% share price increase puts hand far investment is the best performing of the company.
NEUT4|He's in the Korea Composite stock price index.
BULL5|Hand far investments bullish, share price growth is likely tide to the companies Crypto Association.
NEUT6|The Financial investment Service provider holds a minority stake in done aremu operators of the update crypto currency exchange up bit along with Corbett Bitterman Coin owner, collectively known as the Big Four Crypto Exchanges in South Korea, controlling a major share of the countries crypto currency trading activity.
BULL7|The crypto causality case for hand far investments share price increases also further strengthened by the performance of other dynamic.
BEAR8|Packers both worry Tekken.
BULL9|Kakao Corp have also posted significant stock price gains in recent times, as previously reported by Kwan Telegraph.
BULL10|South Korean brokerage firm Maria Set Day, who is tipping Karkow stock to increase significantly in 2021 on the back of crypto enthusiasm in the country.
NEUT11|Meanwhile, done, Armo is reportedly mulling a public listing in the United States, which could happen on the NASDAQ.
BULL12|Done amuse announcement coincided with Coinbase moving forward with its direct listing on NASDAQ.
BULL13|Which triggered renewed enthusiasm for crypto stocks in South Korea up its upsurge in crypto trading.
BULL14|Activity has also seen its main banker K bank recover from a tumultuously 2020 while announcing plans for a possible initial public offering in 2022.
BEAR15|"Massive crypto user onboarding by K Bank for trading on up bit has seen the bank shake off the $89 million posted in 2019."""
