NEUT0|"""So let's talk a little bit about specifically what XL fleet does."
NEUT1|Obviously I think if we look back from a market standpoint at 2020, it's really been the year of the electric vehicle, least from an investor enthusiasm standpoint.
NEUT2|You are in this space, but you do things a little bit differently than some of the other EV names that we've gotten familiar with this year that actually build out their own vehicles.
NEUT3|Talk to us about the business model.
NEUT4|Yeah, we are a fleet electrification company and we're really working directly with the end customers to come up with the right solutions that meet their needs.
NEUT5|And that starts with the electric powertrain that's going into these vehicles and our our total focus is on that electric powertrain, and all the controls and software.
NEUT6|So that's the battery motor inverter controls.
NEUT7|And that's what we've been selling into the market with our hybrid product.
NEUT8|So our focus is the electric powertrain portion of the hybrid vehicle and we don't have to deal with all the other challenges of making a vehicle.
BULL9|There's obviously a tremendous amount of capital needed to do that, so we're very capital efficient.
NEUT10|And we can use that same supply chain.
NEUT11|That same technology that we developed to go to a plug in hybrid, which we've already launched, and we're going to our second generation plug in now and will be introducing our all electric products in 2022.
BULL12|So we have a really good core technology that we can build off of.
NEUT13|That's a very capital efficient way of investing in commercial vehicle electrification.
NEUT14|Yeah, I mean, that certainly lays out the timeline there.
NEUT15|But companies still very small, right?
NEUT16|At least from a revenue standpoint, I think 2020 forecasted revenue of 21 million, 2020 175,000,000, but then 2024 forecasted one point.
NEUT17|4 billion.
NEUT18|How do you get to that number?
NEUT19|What is your expectation in terms of some of those different levers that you just laid out for growth?
BULL20|Well, we're growing extremely quickly.
BEAR21|We're tripling our revenue in the middle of a pandemic, and I think we would have.
BULL22|We could have done more without the pandemic, so we have a great pipeline going into 2021 and we also have a very good platform to build off of and introduce a lot more technology and product offerings.
NEUT23|To date, we've raised about 70 million before we had this back transaction, so we had a high growth business influence application off about 70 million, but with this transaction we now have about 350,000,000.
NEUT24|On the balance sheet as well as the public currency of our stock.
BULL25|To do really, really accelerate the growth, introduce more products in parallel.
NEUT26|Develop more products at the same time, so this industry is really taking off and we started, you know, 11 years ago and it definitely was a bit early, but we really saw demand picking up from customers in the 2018-2019 timeframe and then obviously the public markets really picked up on this in the June July timeframe of this year.
BULL27|So I think we're in a tremendous position to continue the leadership role that we have.
BULL28|In the US market to also expand internationally so we have international expansion, all electric product.
NEUT29|Our Excel Grid program which we we launched.
NEUT30|It's a whole new division.
NEUT31|We announced that a couple of weeks ago.
NEUT32|We've got tremendous interest from customers and some really big projects that we're working on so that you're talking about a trillion dollar global industry when you look at the new vehicle procurement in commercial fleet, as well as the energy that those vehicles used, you add in the charging infrastructure.
NEUT33|And it's just.
BULL34|Tremendous opportunity and it's just getting started.
NEUT35|Less than 1% of new vehicles sold in the commercial fleet in the US right now.
NEUT36|Have any level of electrification were clearly leading shipping hundreds of units per month right now?
BULL37|So we're in a great position to really expand with this with the market, which is clearly has a lot of demand.
NEUT38|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT39|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
