NEUT0|"""Hi fools, I'm Dan Caplinger, Motley Fool contributor and I'm here today to talk about the ask a Fool series where we answer questions from our investment community."
NEUT1|Today's question comes from Debbie Dar who asks us are there specific ETF's recommended for retirees?
NEUT2|Well Debbie, that's a good question.
NEUT3|But really when it comes right down to it, the same ETF's I would recommend to a retiree are the ones that I would recommend to just about anybody.
NEUT4|The real question is how you mix and match them to fit the risk profile that you have and your current income needs.
NEUT5|And that's going to vary from person to person.
NEUT6|But to get some sense of how you can choose ETF's that fit your portfolio, let me suggest some of these starting points.
NEUT7|Most retirees believe that they need to ramp down on their risk levels, but that usually doesn't mean giving up on stocks entirely.
NEUT8|What it usually means instead.
NEUT9|Is changing the nature of those stocks to emphasize less the high risk, high growth stocks and more on income producing dividend stocks and so ETS like the Vanguard dividend appreciation or the Vanguard high yield dividend are two ETF's that really match those qualifications of both producing income and having positive stock exposure that will gain in value as the stock market goes up at the same time though, retirees should consider also having some fixed income investments.
NEUT10|And so, ETF's like the Vanguard Total Bond market index or the I shares Barclays Aggregate Bond index, are two good bond overall bond ETF's that can give you the income.
BULL11|GNI can help you satisfy the income needs that you have in order to make a better balanced portfolio.
NEUT12|And finally, you can consider some niche investments investments like say the Vanguard REIT index which invests in various real estate investments.
NEUT13|You combine those.
BULL14|Based on your risk portfolio portfolio and your general income needs and you should be able to get to a good match that will fit with your financial needs and make your portfolio perform well.
NEUT15|For more on ETS, be sure to stay tuned to fool com.
BULL16|"Thanks for watching and full on."""
