BEAR0|"""Big tech coming under fire in Washington."
BEAR1|The Justice Department is expected to announce later today that it's suing Google for antitrust violations.
NEUT2|Illinois joins us with her reporting on this in Elon.
NEUT3|We've been watching for this, but this is the clearest signal yet that Google is going to be the one that's first in the crosshairs.
NEUT4|Well, that's right, Becky.
BEAR5|This investigation by the Justice Department has been going on for roughly a year, and I can confirm now that the Justice Department is planning to file that antitrust complaint against Google, challenging its dominant in the search industry, and the way that it uses its advertising revenue to maintain that position.
NEUT6|I'm told that one of the things the lawsuit will look at is the way that Google has struck agreements to make sure that it is the preset or preloaded search engine, as well as the barriers that Google has erected.
NEUT7|That make it harder for users to change that default setting, and I am hoping to learn more about the scope of this complaint later on today.
NEUT8|One of the open questions has been how many states might join in a federal complaint.
NEUT9|I'm told that we are expecting some state AG's to participate in this suit.
NEUT10|However, two sources also tell me that states are required to sign in good faith commitment before they could even read the full complaint, so we expect that means that we will see many if not.
BEAR11|All Democratic AG's not signing on to this and so that could spell trouble for Google down the road, because that could mean that they continue their own investigation.
BEAR12|Perhaps that ends in their own lawsuit, even as this complaint from the DOJ when's its way through the court system.
NEUT13|But guys, for now I can confirm the Justice Department now planning to Sue Google.
NEUT14|We have reached out to Google for comment and have not heard back yet.
NEUT15|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT16|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
