BULL0|"""US based major crypto asset investment firm Greyscale launched 5 new trusts, while its biggest Bitcoin BTC Trust is unavailable for investing again, the grayscale family has been joined by Chain Link Link Basic Attention Token that Decentraland Mana Filecoin, Phil Live Pier LPT trusts following the news link jumped by 8% in the past hour."
BULL1|Bat rallied 12% mana 21%.
BULL2|Phil 6.5% and LPT ranked 170th by market capitalization skyrocketed by 106%.
NEUT3|The minimum investment in these trusts as 25,000 United States dollars.
NEUT4|And there's a 2.5% annual fee.
NEUT5|In comparison, it's 50,000 United States dollars.
BEAR6|In the case of Grayscale Bitcoin trust GBTC, which is currently unavailable, all of grayscales funds periodically close for administrative purposes.
NEUT7|A grayscale spokesperson previously told cryptonews.com GB TC, which now holds BTC 600 fifty 5140 thirty 6 billion United States dollars was reopened in January, as reported in February.
NEUT8|The company confirmed that it's looking into at least 23 different digital assets for potential new product offerings.
BULL9|As Bitcoin exchange traded funds, ETF's are gaining traction in Canada and new competitors for grayscale emerge.
NEUT10|At any one time, we're probably maintaining a list of what could be.
NEUT11|30 products could be 40 products that were interested in bringing to market grayscale CEO Michael Sonnenschein told Bloomberg.
NEUT12|We're trying to always reconcile where we may find compelling opportunities in the digital assets ecosystem and trying to reconcile where investors are interested in deploying capital.
NEUT13|According to him, there are many grayscale products that have historically been a little bit before their time before they began to resonate with investors sufficiently.
NEUT14|For example, the least known among the five new crypto assets as life peer LPT serves as the native digital currency for the life peer network.
NEUT15|A subnetwork on the Ethereum network live peer aims to build a platform for decentralized video broadcasting and streaming.
BULL16|By and sending a network of participants, life peer hopes to provide a cheaper, more scalable and censorship resistant solution to video infrastructure.
NEUT17|Grayscale explained.
NEUT18|Meanwhile, digital currency Group, the parent company of Greyscale, said in March that it plans to purchase up to 250,000,000 United States dollars worth of shares of GB TC, while other trusts such as bitwise blockfi, Osprey, Bitcoin Trust and Canadian Bitcoin ETF's are emerging.
NEUT19|The grayscale trusts have so far been a dominant way for institutional investors to enter the crypto verse.
NEUT20|The trusts are structured to hold the underlying crypto, while the value of each share is dependent on the amount of crypto under management.
NEUT21|They also provide a familiar structure for accounting and taxation.
NEUT22|"However, there is no way to redeem the underlying crypto."""
