BULL0|"""The Wall Street Journal Dan it's good to have you and I think you really hit the mark on something that the Bears on Apple have been saying, which is people are paying so much more for profits today than they did going back."
NEUT1|You know, five years ago.
BEAR2|It was an even just in the last two years.
NEUT3|You know, the the P is gone from 15 to a little over 30 now, so it kind of represents the investors are paying essentially doubling what they're paying for the same relative earnings power.
NEUT4|And when you when you come into this.
BEAR5|Where you know the App Store is under attack, we don't know how that's going to play out or win, and you know, kind of hype around the 5G iPhone that's been, I think, driving the stock a bit too.
NEUT6|I think that kind of makes this new level.
NEUT7|At more risky than the last level was what does the stock know that we don't?
NEUT8|Why is it totally unflustered given all the pressure on the App Store that we can see why it just acts as if it doesn't matter?
NEUT9|The stories intact?
NEUT10|Anwer Re rating this thing as a services company with a subscription model.
NEUT11|This the Services re rating has been going on now for I think arguably about you know, even since the last one trillion level and that continues to build into it, I think if you look at the stock chart though, this big spike that's taken place essentially since the fall goes into.
NEUT12|I think this idea that this 5G iPhone is going to come out seeing the stock kind of run up before on on what people expect to be some kind of iPhone super cycle.
NEUT13|I think that's a risky.
BEAR14|Bad as well in this.
NEUT15|Because you know, 5G phones tend to be expensive.
BEAR16|You've got a weakened economy in 5G.
NEUT17|Coverage is still pretty limited, so I think I honestly I think there's just a lot of hype and we've seen that hype.
BULL18|Another big Tex as well, especially Amazon, but he would Microsoft Alphabet all the all these stocks have gone up very large amount even in this pandemic.
NEUT19|You know there's something as well to what's been going on with Apple this year.
NEUT20|It's not like a company like Target or even like Amazon that has benefited from the digitization trends.
NEUT21|Of kovid this is a company that, if anything, are different analysts.
BEAR22|Note I saw said they might have had their iPhone revenue hit by 10% from people deferring purchases and from the late launch of the next iPhone.
NEUT23|So they're looking into next year, seeing the ketchup from that.
BULL24|On top of that kind of the typical growth and saying 2021 could be a banner blowout year for Apple, so again, it's almost as if Covid has been a headwind for this stock and its performance, and they're looking ahead to next year and saying this thing could really perform, at least financially.
NEUT25|It's certainly possible.
NEUT26|I mean, the next iPhone is really big question in my mind, because you know, like I said to me 5G has been this kind of slow and and a bit overrated as in terms of the driver.
NEUT27|You know our own.
NEUT28|Janice Joanna Stern found that you still can't find coverage in a lot of places and yet you've got a lot of hype and this idea that this phone that's going to tap into these networks is going to sell really big.
NEUT29|I think that's probably not going to be the case, at least right off.
BEAR30|And then yeah, with the uncertain effects of the pandemic Lee, quite the impact on consumer spending, especially if government stimulus starts to lessen or go away.
BEAR31|"Leave leaves a ton of question marks in my mind."""
