BEAR0|"""It's a classic example of how the press misleads consumers about financial economics, of why investors are shortsighted and poorly informed by the modern media."
BULL1|The yield on a 10 year Treasury bond topped 3% for the first time in years, and CNN, CNBC, and the Wall Street Journal sensationalized it.
BULL2|In a segment that aired on CNN's early Morning News Show and that's posted on CNN's website, CNN's chief business correspondent Hypes The Rise in the 10 year Bond yield, saying it's quote freaking out some very smart money, people and rattling the stock market before she incorrectly reports that the yield curve is flattening.
BEAR3|The Wall Street Journal also made the 3% bond yield milestone sound ominous in a front page above the fold article hinting at a possible end to the bull market, and CNBC also stoked fears in its coverage.
BEAR4|Quoting a billionaire bond pundit who has repeatedly issued dire warnings that were wrong, the coverage may attract viewers and clicks, but it is misleading.
BEAR5|Contrary to CNN's coverage, the yield curve did not flatten since early April.
BULL6|The yield curve has actually steepened slightly long term bond yields have risen while the Fed funds rate stayed about the same since January.
BULL7|The entire yield curve shifted higher according to data from an independent economist whose research we license.
NEUT8|This picture of what's happening is a lot different from what CNN has reported.
BEAR9|And contrary to the Wall Street Journal's alarming front page headline and the bond billionaire repeatedly quoted by CNBC even after repeatedly bad market calls, rising bond yields have actually often coincided with bull markets and stocks.
BULL10|The Red Arrows .25 period since the 1990s, when the yield on the 10 year U.S. Treasury bond rose sharply and stock prices rose at the same time.
BEAR11|Contrary to popular belief, there is no historic evidence that rising bond yields are bad for stocks.
BEAR12|Financial economics is hard, and the model used by the financial press for informing investors is flawed.
NEUT13|"We are independent financial professionals and a trustworthy source of news and analysis about investing tax and financial planning."""
