BULL0|"""Good morning everyone."
NEUT1|Welcome to live trading action by in the money stocks today is November 11, 2016.
NEUT2|My name is Nick Santiago.
BULL3|Thank you all for tuning in today.
BEAR4|Alright, I'm going to show you a trade that we just closed out for a 27.7% gain in one day and the trade was on Agnico Eagle mines and what you're going to see here is a gold mining stock stock sold off very sharply yesterday with volume that told us the stock was going to lower today and went right into this double bottom pivot here.
NEUT5|We closed out a put option position for 27% and here's a bigger pattern if you want to see what I'm looking at and this is something that we teach in the in the money stocks methodology webinar.
NEUT6|I go over this for a very, very long period of time and talk about this pattern that makes money on a very consistent basis, but if you take a look at the weekly chart, what you're going to notice here, I'm going to wind this out a little bit.
BEAR7|You're going to notice that we had this big big Thruston in price rally back up and once the momentum shifts and starts to move lower.
NEUT8|It's usually going to take you to another important support level, that being the Weekly 20 peer Weekly 50.
NEUT9|Moving average this red line right here and you can see that big big thrust this week and you could see even on a daily chart yesterday we had that big big sell off and today that follow through.
BULL10|So yesterday we got into Agnico Eagle puts and today we close that position out for 27.7% gain in one trading day.
NEUT11|Less than 24 hours and.
NEUT12|That position is now closed, so again, this is something that we're going to try to identify and look at going forward in a lot of different equities we see a lot of these types of setups.
NEUT13|I'm going to try to find out some some new option plays for today and post them up if I can get the right set up the right pattern, but this play we took yesterday right before the closing Bell and you can see today already bearing us.
BULL14|Pretty good fruit in the market.
NEUT15|So again, if you want to come over, take a a subscription out to the Options Alert service.
NEUT16|You don't need high capital.
NEUT17|Just buy a few contracts and watch the profits roll in.
BULL18|"With that being said, I want to wish you all a great trading session and we will see you on the charts."""
