BULL0|"""Welcome back today."
NEUT1|I'm gonna be looking at OTC stock WDLF, which is social Life Network Inc and I'm just going to kind of give some of my thoughts on this one so this is an update video from my last video and I kind of been talking about the break of this wedge pattern and Full disclosure.
NEUT2|I did take a small position on the break so as of right now I am down a little bit on this one, but I just wanted to be fully transparent as far as like my position here though.
NEUT3|My risk at this point is extremely small, so let me explain why.
NEUT4|So we see a break out of this wedge pattern.
NEUT5|Pullback kind of holds the top of this wage, so this is a retest.
NEUT6|Retested it again today on the bottom of this lower wake around that 2 cent mark, so at this point this is the trend line in the support level that I'd want to see, hold and then anything lower than that.
NEUT7|It's the bottom level about trend line.
BEAR8|If it starts to lose that, this chart really doesn't look good at all in my opinion.
NEUT9|I know that there was some news after hours say as far as like I think conference call, so I'm not with a lot of these like OTC charts.
NEUT10|I mean, just the news can just add some fuel to these charts.
BULL11|So I I think that the call you know, according to Twitter went extremely good, though I did not listen to it.
NEUT12|So a couple of things now that I'd be looking for tomorrow.
NEUT13|If that is the case is I'm going to obviously have to see if people are selling the news and just kind of selling like the fact that that was such good news.
NEUT14|I think everyone may be anticipating potentially pop and then it sells off.
NEUT15|That's certainly one outcome, but just from a pure chart perspective, a couple of things I am looking at with this stock is now that is re tested a few different times.
NEUT16|So you can see 123 times touch the top of this trend line.
BULL17|This is a pretty strong support at this point, So what I'd be looking for is some more volume to come in, something similar to kind of in this range here and have a nice bounce to the upside.
NEUT18|So some big spots to watch or right around that you know 2.6 cent Mark.
NEUT19|So 026 kind of level, but then above that I'd say really the biggest spot overall is going to be right here, right around that 028 level, which I think is something I had mentioned in the prior video.
BEAR20|Above that obviously three cents being that solid whole number is a pretty heavy psychological level, and anything above that and this one could potentially retest highs, although at around $0.04 if that gets broken, then this one's obviously running much much higher.
NEUT21|So from you when I look at this chart you know at this point the risk right around two cents potentially even as low as like that point, 1.9 cent level.
NEUT22|But if this one starts to get value, volume and bounce, the reward can be anywhere from about 30.
NEUT23|To 100 plus percent at this point so.
NEUT24|Obviously it's something it's a pure risk to reward tradeoff of a good chart, as many of you know here if you've been following along, I like to play retests of breakouts, so this is a retest of a breakout.
NEUT25|So that's just kind of what I'd be looking for moving forward.
NEUT26|What really turns this one bullish, I think, is a break of probably the 024 cent level, which is kind of where it was right?
NEUT27|And he ran his acted as a resistance quite a few times on a lot of different candles, so that's kind of one spot.
NEUT28|I'd be watching.
NEUT29|This chart does still have a pretty nice look to it, especially from a risk to reward standpoint, so I just wanted to update my thoughts and kind of let you guys know that I'm thinking about this one 'cause I know a lot of people are still kind of checking out the prior video on this.
NEUT30|Should I be watching going forward, just playing, playing smart here, having a tight stop at least at least all be having a tight stop since I am in this one and obviously looking for a bounce off this trimline to the upside and then being smart about how I scale out and how much I hold back.
NEUT31|So as always, I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT32|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT33|If you're going to do any investing it.
NEUT34|Go speak to a certified financial advisor and if you got any value out of this video, go ahead and like, comment, subscribe and share.
BULL35|"Thank you for watching everyone."""
