NEUT0|"""So in a roundabout 2013 and 2014, all of a sudden these vehicles, these entities that appear on the short selling disclosure lists of certain European companies and no one actually knew who they were."
NEUT1|No one really paid much attention to them at first.
NEUT2|They were just sort of slightly strangely named entities which have been shorting certain companies.
BEAR3|But then in the UK we had an example with Quindell where one of these entities had built up a very sizable position in the company and then quindell shares fell very very shortly.
NEUT4|So what people came to notice with these sort of seemingly small unknown probably hedge funds.
NEUT5|People thought of the time.
NEUT6|We're actually very very shrewd short sellers who were clearly doing a lot of deep research into the companies they were targeting.
NEUT7|Tiger Global, One of the world's largest and most successful but also most discreet hedge funds.
NEUT8|They're based in New York and they were founded by Charles Coleman, who's known as Chase Coleman, and they built up a reputation over the years for being some of the best stock pickers in the hedge fund industry.
NEUT9|Tiger is a very large fun, but it's also one which keeps its positions very closely, keeps his cards close to its chest, doesn't reveal even to its own investors in its own investor letters, what it's shorting.
BULL10|But its investors are very happy with the fund, it seems because it's performed extremely well.
NEUT11|In this instance, it was sort of typical, I suppose, of a fund like Tiger Global to not want to disclose exactly what they were doing in the European market.
NEUT12|There's absolutely nothing against the rules by doing that, but it meant that they were operating in a way where it was hard to tell who was behind these trades and why it makes it so interesting that it turned out that they were using various vehicles which were registered in the Cayman Islands.
NEUT13|To basically put through some of these trades.
NEUT14|With the news about the use of Cayman Islands vehicles to sort of not publicly disclose shoppers in Europe is really interesting for European short selling regulation, which in 2011 2012 this was being trumpeted by European regulators and politicians as being a really important step into improving transparency in European stock markets.
NEUT15|And actually what this shows is that if you want to you can still remain anonymous and so it sort of calls into question arguably.
NEUT16|"What was the point of doing it in the 1st place and what the future of this regulation will be?"""
