NEUT0|"""Hello guys, today I'll be talking about Cloud Commerce ticker symbol CL WD well before we start please like the video to help out with the YouTube algorithm."
NEUT1|Also subscribe and turn on the Bell Notification to stay up to date with future videos.
NEUT2|Let's get right into the Cloud Commerce Cloud Commerce is leading the new age of data driven marketing technology with the integration of software and services, their audience building solutions warm is powered by advanced data in behavior science which they leverage to deliver predictive insights or makes informed recommendations for what to do next as shown here.
NEUT3|It's automated process provides an unmatched level of statistical death fuses.
NEUT4|Traditional best practices of surveying with reducing attitudes, emotions and opinions from data sources.
NEUT5|The business model of Cloud Commerce is that it puts robust consumer data and predictive insights to using a five phase approach which are discovery.
NEUT6|They conduct a comprehensive brand audit which helps clients identify strengths and weaknesses in context to have maximum growth potential intelligence from data, their data, and behavioral science transforms the way that corporations identify to whom they should be targeting.
NEUT7|And talking to creative iterations, they find creative ways to differentiate, to produce creativity and stimulates emotions and take action.
NEUT8|Iterates from customer loyalty and Sparks kinetic growth rather than just recognizing to revenue activation for ads and marketing cloud Commerce.
BULL9|Offer dynamic technology and the latest innovations in targeted advertising across relevant platforms.
NEUT10|Insights for measurement.
NEUT11|Measured variable tests with each stage of the customer journey mediums that drive impressions to actions.
NEUT12|Here are some examples that they have done.
NEUT13|For companies.
NEUT14|Their methods enable them to close the loop on marketing strategies in converting prospective customers into loyal partners.
NEUT15|An advocates cloud Commerce recently has launched the artificial intelligence advertising venture, which is warm.
BULL16|CEO Andrew Vannoy stated, quote unquote or Swarm solution has met with great client success, which has encouraged us to take the next step using state of the art tools such as AI to eliminate inefficiencies that could potentially reduce the costs of advertising by as much as 50%.
BULL17|And in November of last year, Cloud Commerce was running 300 fastest growing company in North America on the lowest 2020 technology fast 500.
NEUT18|Here is my technical analysis on this stock.
NEUT19|First, support level is at 13 cents.
NEUT20|Second support level is at 8 cents.
NEUT21|Stop loss will be at around six cents.
BEAR22|Position build would be at around $0.13 or lower, but this stock might go down and have a correction due to this stock being up over 2000% from its lows.
NEUT23|This will be a swing trade.
BULL24|Meaning holding it for a while just to ride the momentum, I will also be building long term position.
BEAR25|If this stock hits a correction I will be leaving my discord in the description.
NEUT26|We have over 400 members now.
NEUT27|"Please subscribe like and turn on the Bell notifications so you don't miss out on any upcoming videos."""
