NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this weird video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL4|Well, very nice movement here.
NEUT5|Now it's just a question of is this movement going to get continuation?
NEUT6|So what is this movement that I'm Speaking of?
NEUT7|Well, this will be a little bit more of those you that watched the past videos I've done on this one.
NEUT8|If you haven't, then a quick update.
NEUT9|I drew that resistance trendline in a play and talk about that being a stubborn level and you can see even right there or stubborn one last time.
NEUT10|However, right there you can see got the breakup of it.
NEUT11|So that is the context.
NEUT12|Right now the context is there has been this trend line breakout, so now moving forward, it's just a question of OK, well, can this trendline breakout is going to build more momentum?
BULL13|Is it going to build more strength?
NEUT14|So with that inside or with that in mind, I'm going to get rid of these lines there just because from a presentation standpoint I don't want to risk causing clutter and confusion with lines everywhere, so let's try to keep this as clean as possible, But the first level now that you would want to see the price day up above it is going to be the purple line there.
NEUT15|The 50.
NEUT16|Moving average value that you know right there around one 1925.
NEUT17|And that's important because even if the price would come down on that level and then just break down through it, that would basically be putting the price right back to where it was.
NEUT18|And I mean not to insult your intelligence but trendline breakouts.
BEAR19|If a breakout is truly a breakout while the price is not going to go back to where it was right, it's going to keep on breaking out.
BULL20|Or in other words, it's going to show signs of progress moving forward.
BULL21|It's not like the price as it goes straight up, but it's at least got to show signs of progress.
NEUT22|You know you don't want it to go right back to where it was, and again, that's what that one 1925 Mark would be representing.
NEUT23|So that stuff is going to be that initial area of support.
NEUT24|You'll want to watch now, if there is going to be any sort of continuation and build that much more momentum, the next big battleground, which again I talked about in past videos is going to be that red line up there of resistance, which sits right around the one 2175 mark, so.
BULL25|Not that the price has to break above it on Tuesday or anything like that, but like I said, just from kind of an overall storybook perspective, if you will, that would be a great sign that the Bulls are not only maintaining the strength, but actually getting that much more strength.
NEUT26|So let's see how this one continues to play out.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL30|So being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR33|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT36|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT37|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT38|That is again, totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT41|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
