NEUT0|"""Wall Street, billions of dollars moving every single fortune."
NEUT1|But surely the world financial market is too complicated.
NEUT2|For that we are using that utilizing artificial intelligence, more specifically, machine learning, deep learning, artificial neural networks to predict the financial markets are predictive algorithm is generating daily forecast for over 10,500 assets.
NEUT3|That's right, an Israeli company has unveiled an artificial intelligence they claim can out invest any human being.
NEUT4|49, It's no Wolf of Wall Street magic.
NEUT5|It's an artificial intelligence that can crunch and analyze incredible amounts of data in real time.
NEUT6|And figure out how market fluctuations influence other stocks and despite markets being the complicated interactions of hundreds of millions of people, some things are almost certain.
NEUT7|The financial markets in general is aquatic system in the financial market you have assets that are predictable and RX.
NEUT8|Productive algorithm is that it's by using the artificial neural network technology we are able to separate the predictable part from the unpredictable part.
NEUT9|Predictable assets like tourism, aviation and big technology.
NEUT10|Moving patterns that are well known.
NEUT11|And the machine intelligence can react faster to circumstance than any human investor.
NEUT12|Once it collects the data, the AI can guess if a stock will go up or down, though not by how much heat ratio around the investment houses and can be 55 or maybe 60% an that's considered good in without algorithm.
BULL13|We succeeded in some index is an investment world to get 67 to 75.
NEUT14|Percent, and in some particular assets even more than that, the program can make its production or two weeks or three months for passive investments.
NEUT15|I know first is hardly the first finance firm to look into AI.
NEUT16|Earlier this month, NASDAQ revealed it was also using AI to crunch numbers.
NEUT17|"But if the machines can outperform the Investors, Wall Street heroes might just be a relic of the past."""
