NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions."
NEUT1|February 7th.
NEUT2|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, why NIO really bought back shares?
BULL3|Alright, let's get started an IO recently bought back and increased its shares in NIO, China at a cost of RMB 15.5 billion, which was seen by some as a move to prepare for Nio China's IPO.
NEUT4|However, a spokesman from NIO has denied this.
NEUT5|NIO spokesman stated Nio's buyback of NIO China has nothing to do with the new IPO.
NEUT6|Anio plans to reinvest the proceeds from its investment in NIO, China.
BULL7|In the intelligent electric vehicle industry cluster, which will solidify the rights and interests of NIO shareholders, the buyback is a win win situation for all parties.
BULL8|Recently, NIO announced that it will buy back 3.305% of its equity from 2 strategic investors in NIO, China for RMB 5.5 billion at the same time, NIO will increase its equity stake in NIO, China by RMB 10 billion after the completion of the equity acquisition and capital subscription.
NEUT9|NIO will hold a combined 90.36% controlling stake in NIO, China.
BULL10|Anio stated that it will continue to repurchase and increase its stake in NIO, China because they know their company will continue to have our optimistic growth potential.
NEUT11|On April 29th, 2020.
BULL12|NIO sign an investment agreement with strategic investors in Hefei regarding its investment in NIO, China.
NEUT13|According to the agreement, the strategic investors in NIO invested RMB 7 billion RMB 4.26 billion in NIO, China respectively after the completion of the transaction, the parties will hold 24.1% and 75.9% of NIO China's equity respectively.
BULL14|And NIO China will receive additional capital of RMB 11.26 billion within a year of the agreement nio's move to boost its equity through buyback and capital increase is believed to be a possible preparation for Nio China's IPO, based on RMB 5.5 billion for 3.305% equity.
NEUT15|The valuation of NIO China is close to 170 billion yuan.
BULL16|This means that in less than a year Nio China's valuation has increased more than seven times.
BULL17|Lee, in a recent interview that said that NIO China has opened its channel for RMB fund raising and has the possibility of IPO in the.
BULL18|Chinese capital Market and NIO will also maintain a significant controlling position in NIO, China in the long run.
BULL19|On the same day that Nio bought back at stake, her face sign a new framework agreement with NIO to deepen cooperation.
BULL20|The two sides agreed to jointly plan and build the zinky are smart electric vehicle industrial park to create a world class intelligent electric vehicle industrial cluster with a complete industrial chain.
NEUT21|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT22|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT23|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL24|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT25|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT26|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
