NEUT0|"""Welcome to the Fifth Beast production channel."
NEUT1|I am not a financial advisor and please do your own due diligence when investing.
BULL2|Virgin Galactic shares skyrocket 20% this morning after the stock received a pair of upgrades.
NEUT3|The Sky is the limit for space tourism, according to two Wall Street banks.
BEAR4|This rise in the stock is causing investors to climb aboard Virgin Galactic and buying into it Virgin Galactic is a pre revenue company that aims to sell tourists a brief trip into space for upward of $250,000 apiece.
NEUT5|The company has a backlog of deposits and lots of potential, but is still very much a speculative venture.
BULL6|Analysts at Susquehanna and Bank of America view the glass is half full when it comes to Virgin Galactic Susquehanna analyst Charles Minervino on Monday assigned a positive rating on the stock, calling the company an innovator of space technology that will be able to tap into space tourism.
BULL7|Ronald Epstein from Bank of America started this stock with a buy rating praising the company's unparalleled vertical integration as a maker of spacecraft propulsion systems and the in flight avionics, Minervino said a $20 price target for Virgin Galactic.
NEUT8|Well, Epstein said a $35 target shares a Virgin Galactic traded at just under $20 per share as of 10:30 AM on Monday, 28th of September.
BULL9|Virgin Galactic is currently on pace for its fourth biggest jump in a trading day since its public debut last year, including Mondays Climb.
BULL10|The stock is up more than 70% this year.
BEAR11|The space tourism has yet to begin commercial service and lacks significant revenue with quarterly losses of more than $50 million as it finishes developing its spacecraft.
BULL12|But Virgin Galactic is closing in on its final development milestones, with two key remaining test flights in the coming months, Virgin Galactic told shareholders in August it expects to fly founder Sir Richard Branson in the first quarter of 2021, which will effectively markets beginning commercial service spaces, risky and space tourism.
BULL13|Yet it is exciting and unproven investors are betting that as Virgin Galactic matures, it can turn into a high growth stock that is understandable.
NEUT14|"Just make sure to understand the risks and limit stocks like Virgin Galactic to a small part of a well diversified portfolio."""
