BULL0|"""Hey, it's clean."
NEUT1|This be a video chart on ticker symbol NVDA.
NEUT2|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT3|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT4|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR5|Well, a pretty rough day on this one.
NEUT6|I mean just the big ol gap in trap, so the price.
NEUT7|What do I mean by that?
NEUT8|If in case your new price actually gapped up this morning, some poor souls are buying up around here and then from that point just continue to trend downwards the rest of the day, which is set up.
NEUT9|What I believe to be a bearish pattern going into next week and let me make this very clear and I wish I could say train with this easy.
NEUT10|Just because there's a bearish pattern does not mean that for sure guaranteed the price is going to go back down, if only it were that easy, but you know it wouldn't shock anybody.
NEUT11|I don't think it would, and the first part of this pattern and the level that I think a whole lot of people are going to be watching, and that's important because when a whole lot of people are watching the same level and wondering the same thing, called a cellphone prophecy covered.
NEUT12|If you want, it can definitely produce some dynamic movements, and that's true.
NEUT13|$522 comes into play, meaning it's more than valid.
BEAR14|It's a more than rational thought to have that you know, if the price comes down in this area behaved in that manner, then breaks to the downside that break in and of itself could create quite a bit of additional downside selling pressure.
NEUT15|Again, not guaranteed to happen, but a more than plausible scenario.
NEUT16|And in the event that level is broken, the next key level of support you'd want to keep a close eye on would be down there at the $510 mark.
NEUT17|So from the support side of things, 5:22 and 5:10, and the reason why I would say that this is all bearish pattern going into play is there is very clearer.
NEUT18|Downward selling pressure and what do I mean by that?
NEUT19|I get it's one thing to just say downward selling pressure, but that's why I like charts because they allow you to take words and phrases and visualize them.
BEAR20|But the downward selling pressure can be seen via the lower highs that are being put into play.
NEUT21|I mean, basically all week long the price bounced several times, but each of those bounces just kept putting in lower and lower highs, which once again does not mean that it's for sure guaranteed to break to the downside, but it's plausable it's a rational thought to have that, given the context of things you know.
NEUT22|We'll see if this selling pressure can continue or not, but a confirmation of you know.
NEUT23|No more selling pressure is going to be at 522 mark, so let's see how this one plays out next week.
NEUT24|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT25|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT26|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
NEUT27|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me.
BULL28|Unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up.
NEUT35|For a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
