NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, February 20th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, Anio reaches game status alright, let's get started the NIO EP.
NEUT2|9 The first Asian Electric supercar has landed in the global version of top racing Game Asphalt 9 Legends.
NEUT3|The electric car company said today on Weibo on Thursday in the game, users can choose the Nio Fe race car paint for the 2018-2019 season.
NEUT4|The Nio EP Nine was released in 2016.
NEUT5|And on October 12, 2016, the sports car set an electric car, lap record of seven minutes and five seconds at the Nurburgring.
NEUT6|Nordschleife are in Germany on February 23rd, 2017.
BULL7|It set another record of 257 kilometres per hour at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, TX, making it the fastest electric car in the world.
NEUT8|The first batch of NIO EP 9 is limited to 6 units worldwide and the owners are William Lee, founder of Nio Jiang Lai, founder and CEO of Hill House capital Pony, MA, founder of Tencent Luchian Dong.
NEUT9|Founderofjd.com Lejeune, founder of show Me and Lee Shank, founder of Auto Home and Lee Auto.
NEUT10|The Ashfield series of Games is one of the most popular racing games among Chinese users.
BULL11|Its first generation was released in 2004 and has always maintained an irreplaceable position among racing fans worldwide.
BULL12|Since its release, the Ash felt series has been at the top of the global game download charts for years.
NEUT13|With more than 164 million total downloads.
NEUT14|Asphalt 9 Legends is available for download on major international gaming platforms.
NEUT15|Including iOS, Mac, Google Play Windows and Switch.
NEUT16|Anio said that its Chinese version will also receive an EP Nine option this spring.
BULL17|In 2019, Alibaba entered into a strategic partnership with Gameloft, the developer of the game, to obtain the exclusive distribution rights of Asphalt 9 Legends in China to bring a better experience to Chinese users.
NEUT18|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT19|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now.
NEUT20|So that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT21|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL22|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT23|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT24|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
