NEUT0|"""Hedge funds hedge funds advertising truck is we're going to start seeing now and why?"
NEUT1|Well, we're going to start seeing it because it's one of these parts of the JOBS Act that nobody really understood was in there.
NEUT2|I mean, you know the JOBS Act is about creating more, more work in the fundamental idea is supposed to open a lot of private equity we we talked yesterday about crowdfunding, which is the micro level.
NEUT3|Well, one of the things that's also happening is that's making it easier for hedge funds to reach out.
NEUT4|I thought the higher levels and and this is one of those things that consumers really didn't understand.
NEUT5|And yeah, now we're going to start to see hedge fund advertising and just imagine what would have happened if, say, Bernie Madoff had been allowed to advertise to bring in money at the time when his Ponzi scheme was struggling the most.
NEUT6|We're talking about, but you're not talking about actually seeing hedge funds.
NEUT7|Do like you know, like any F Hutton kind of ad campaign from back in the day.
NEUT8|I mean, we don't like big ad campaigns, you just talking about sort of the portal ad out there in the paper or something.
NEUT9|Invest in this, you know?
NEUT10|What exactly are we talking about?
NEUT11|Well, I don't think we're talking about the giant ad campaigns necessarily, but I wouldn't be stunned to see hedge fund operators.
NEUT12|Decide that they want to pursue something at at perhaps the financial network, about polar.
NEUT13|You know, on wsj.com, or in the Wall Street Journal, or on MarketWatch, etc.
NEUT14|Because although they can only still take accredited investors, it's not reaching out to everybody because you're still going to have to have $1,000,000, or be able to show income of over 200,000.
NEUT15|It is reaching out to folks that maybe wouldn't have otherwise had it, and the other thing that's coming out about this is that fundamentally, even if they're not advertising the thing that might be a positive.
NEUT16|This a strong positive is that a lot of fund managers.
NEUT17|Hedge fund managers won't put anything on their website that is a disclosure.
NEUT18|They won't really talk to the media or anything else because it could be considered a solicitation, and that's going to change under this rule.
NEUT19|So it might open things up for the good, but this is definitely a double edged sword.
NEUT20|Charlie.
NEUT21|The other day I heard former SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt just just tearing into this.
NEUT22|This jobs legislation, and, you know, the various protections that investors were going to lose you.
NEUT23|And this hedge fund advertising sounds a little bit like it fits into that category.
NEUT24|Can you tell us a little bit more about what what investors stand to lose with this?
NEUT25|Well, a lot of what Arthur Levitt was talking about is the crowdfunding side of things.
NEUT26|And I've got a common MarketWatch right now.
NEUT27|That sort of talks about about that issue.
NEUT28|Crowdfunding is really sort of reaching out at the lowest level it is it is you got some coffee barrista who wants to be able to, you know, own their shop or what have you.
NEUT29|And they're trying to get funding and there instead of having any luck with the bank, they're going out and reaching out to friends and family and this allows them to sort of do a lot of that without making disclosures.
NEUT30|So imagine yourself with, say, the spam emails you get about penny stocks, and now it will be the email that says, hey, we all know Joni.
NEUT31|She runs the local coffee shop.
NEUT32|She's looking to go into business and for just a couple of 1000 bucks, you can support her and you know get a free coffee every Friday for a year or something.
NEUT33|So sounds brilliant.
NEUT34|Wait, it's done some things that will basically make it a little bit more like the Wild West and the hope is that that that can be, if not necessarily regulated at least controlled properly.
NEUT35|That people in the crowdfunding business will tell you.
BEAR36|"Yes, there's the potential for fraud, but we don't want to see it happen 'cause it's not good for anybody right now."""
