NEUT0|"""There's so many things."
NEUT1|They have, you know that we've all learned over the last nine months.
NEUT2|I mean, I think there are some personal things, and there's some some leadership pieces.
NEUT3|I think you know on the leadership side, I think that it's really changed the way that that we've all thought about hiring.
NEUT4|I think in the past we've tried to hire people in locations where we have critical mass because we thought it's better for people's career development and easier for them to collaborate.
NEUT5|But since we've all been forced into being remote now for nine months, I think we've realized.
NEUT6|But if you have somebody in a particular location who's willing to work the hours to be able to collaborate, you can do it very effectively so it's changed how we thought about hiring.
NEUT7|You know it's changed, I think how we've thought about all of our remote remote teammates you know.
NEUT8|Typically most of the meetings largely take place in one physical location, and then there are people plugging in remotely, but where you know they're really a little bit off to the side they can't participate in the meeting as fully as you'd like.
NEUT9|And with everybody being remote and everybody just getting one square, it's meant that we've got contributions and participation on a much more even playing field.
NEUT10|And it's really changed.
NEUT11|The ideas that we've had in the discussions we've had, and I think even when we go back to having meetings.
BULL12|In person, I think we're going to continue to incorporate a lot of the things we learned in these virtual meetings to make sure we're getting the right engagement from all of our remote teammates.
NEUT13|I think also has changed the way that we've thought about how you have to invent.
NEUT14|You know, I think that in many ways, invention is one of the hardest things to do virtually, and that's because invention tends to be sloppy.
NEUT15|You know, it's not like you can organize 45 minutes and say we're going to invent this product right now.
NEUT16|What typically happens is you're talking about an idea.
NEUT17|And the initial idea is not the one you end up with and people are riffing with on top of one another says and they interrupt people and they get animated.
NEUT18|And then you finish the meeting and you don't really quite get there.
BEAR19|But three people leave the meeting and start working on a whiteboard outside that conference room.
NEUT20|All of those things are much harder to do virtually, specially 'cause the technology, while so much better than five years ago when two people talk at once, it really cancels out the sound on both sides so people don't interrupt each other.
NEUT21|You just don't rift the same way, so.
NEUT22|It's really changed the way that we've had to think about how we drive innovation and how we solicit information from our builders and the types of meetings that we run and how long those meetings run.
NEUT23|So a lot of things.
NEUT24|I think that we've learned in the process and, you know, I would say personally.
NEUT25|That you know two things that I probably learned about myself.
NEUT26|Number one is that I just missed being around people.
BEAR27|You know I miss being around physically around my teammates a lot more than I already thought I would.
NEUT28|This you know, it's for whatever reason.
NEUT29|It's just really different to be interacting virtually that in person.
NEUT30|There's just this connection and chemistry that you get in bonding that you get being in person, so I missed that.
NEUT31|And then I also think that it's just.
NEUT32|I think human beings need things to look forward to, and I think that the pandemic for good reason have robbed all of us is so many things that we're looking forward to an I think you have to find new things because you can't just keep working intensely like you know so many people have done and a lot of people on our team have done as well.
NEUT33|You need to have some balance and you need to have other things you can look forward to.
NEUT34|So those are probably some of the things I've learned during the pandemic.
NEUT35|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT36|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
