BULL0|"""Hi there, Jason Moser analyst with Motley Fool."
NEUT1|One thanks again for joining us for another edition of Ask a fool today we're taking a question from Johnny, who essentially is asking why not just keep it simple and invest $10,000 and 10 stocks for 10 years and see the results.
NEUT2|Further, where would the fool place their bets?
BULL3|And I think you've hit in on something interesting here Johnny.
NEUT4|I've said a lot before that.
NEUT5|I think that investing is something you can make it as easy or as difficult as you want to make it.
NEUT6|And you can make it super easy by just investing in an index fund and getting on with life, but I suspect you want to beat the market like we do.
NEUT7|So oddly enough, this summer I put together a portfolio of 10 stocks in honor of Father's Day.
NEUT8|I call it the Father's Day portfolio, and as it stands, these 10 stock picks.
NEUT9|That's not real money, mind you, it's just their stock picks, but I'm keeping up with them.
BULL10|But the Father's Day portfolios up 25% versus the markets 10.1%, so we're already beating the market and I think that will improve so you can go to thefull.com homepage and just search Father's Day portfolio.
BULL11|And that'll pull up the article, but my winning pick thus far is Amazon, which is beating the market by 30 percentage points.
NEUT12|And I know there are a lot of concerns over the stock's valuation in its in its astronomical PE ratio, but I don't think this is the best way to look at Amazon's the power of its retail business model, I think is better seen through the measure of its operating cash flow, which is closing in on about $5 billion over the most recent 12 months.
NEUT13|Not to mention you have a very driven leader in Jeff Bezos, my biggest loser so far as Home Depot.
BULL14|And while it's in positive returns, it is.
BULL15|It's still losing to the market by 5 percentage points, but thanks to low interest rates, many Americans, including myself, have been able to refinance their homes and put some of that savings towards home improvement projects, and I think this is a trend that's going to continue into the new year in Home Depot.
BULL16|Scale is also another big advantage over its competitor.
BULL17|Lowe's Home Depot has more stores about 2260 for Home Depot versus 1831 for Lowe's, and this affords Home Depot more financial resources as well as consistently better margins, which is ultimately better for shareholders?
NEUT18|So there are a couple of ideas for you.
NEUT19|I like the way you're thinking.
NEUT20|"Thanks for the question and make sure to check out the article on full com."""
