BULL0|"""Hey, it's clean."
NEUT1|This video chart on ticker symbol FB, Facebook.
NEUT2|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT3|If you're not sure what I mean by 30 minute ioffer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Also from disclosure standpoint, I do own Facebook from the long side in my retirement portfolio, so just keep that in mind as they go through the analysis.
BEAR5|So overall, Facebook has been just an absolute monster the past couple of days, although it did start to show some kinks in the armor hair with a big pullback.
NEUT6|Now the pullback right here is occurring within a very strong overall context, so that doesn't mean this is a reversal or anything like that, but it has finally started to act human a little bit here, so you're going to want to keep an eye on a couple of levels going forward and the main level that I think a lot of traders such as myself are going to be watching going forward from the support side of things is right here at 266 and I make the comment about a lot of other traders.
NEUT7|Because when lots of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want, it can definitely produce some very dynamic movements.
NEUT8|And one of those levels here is 266 meaning and this is not a guarantee because those don't exist.
NEUT9|My point here is it's at least a valid and rational thoughts.
BEAR10|Have that if the price were to come down to 266 and then break to the downside, that could very well create some downside selling pressure.
NEUT11|Now I don't mean that in the sense of the prices collapsing down to $230 I just made it from a tradeable standpoint that could create.
BULL12|Like I said, enough pressure to make a worthwhile trade.
NEUT13|So 266 going to be that initial area of support that again, like I said, a lot of people are going to be watching in the event that level cannot quite hold up.
NEUT14|Next key area of support after that would then be down there around 262 fifty now.
NEUT15|Maybe Facebook just decides it wants to reverse right back around.
NEUT16|So as far as areas of resistance are concerned, in the levels that likes that, I think a lot of people watching firstly level from the technical point of view right up there at two 7350 and then if two 7350 can be broken.
NEUT17|Nothing fancy or complicated there.
NEUT18|At that point it's just a question of your departing momentum finally stopped today.
NEUT19|Now is right up there at essentially the 278.
NEUT20|How was that?
NEUT21|Yeah, right around the 279 mark.
BEAR22|So overall crazy movement today.
BULL23|Pulled back a little bit but he's going to maintain levels that I'll be watching next week along with.
NEUT24|I'm sure plenty of other traders.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT27|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss.
BEAR28|Looting how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL29|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT30|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT31|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR32|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it.
NEUT35|Sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT36|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT37|That is again totally live.
NEUT38|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions.
NEUT41|"Let me know if not I'll be seeing you soon."""
