NEUT0|"""OK, so yesterday I heard a really interesting perspective from one of the hosts in CNBC."
NEUT1|Halftime about why now would might be a good time to buy Berkshire Hathaway B shares, which are not as expensive as the actual Berkshire said they had to wait a shares.
BULL2|It's because we are going through an economic recovery now.
NEUT3|It might take longer than people expect it could be 2021-2022 by the time we get back to where we were before the.
BULL4|Virus pandemic, but now is the time to start exploring stocks that might rebound significantly if we get back to a vaccine or like people start moving, people start traveling.
NEUT5|People start going to the malls so Berkshire Hathaway, if you don't know, owns a lot of TJ Maxx.
NEUT6|He owns a he owns GEICO.
NEUT7|So if people start traveling again they might.
BULL8|By an people don't want to travel in mass transit anymore, so they might might buy more cars, which means they might buy more car insurance, which is good for GEICO.
NEUT9|He the one any also owns Burlington Coat Factory.
NEUT10|So if people are going back to the malls he owns TJ Maxx where people can go an actually instead of being stuck in the House, people can go to the malls and buy more clothes and I think Warren Buffett will benefit from that to the one thing that he is.
NEUT11|Doing differently from the Berkshire Hathaway.
NEUT12|Last time is now that he owns 8% of Apple, so Berkshire Hathaway has a technology exposure which is good for the growth side.
NEUT13|But because we're going through an economic recovery, there might be a lot of money to be made in cyclicals and one of the cyclicals that he also owns is a Bank of Bank of America.
NEUT14|So two weeks ago, Berkshire Hathaway, Warren Buffett bought shares of Bank of America.
NEUT15|Every single day for 13 days straight.
NEUT16|That's how much he believes in this economic recovery.
NEUT17|I think if Warren Buffett believes in something you can.
NEUT18|I know a lot of people want to focus on the fact that he sold airlines at the worst possible time, but he's not sitting idle, he's using all that money to put back into the economy.
NEUT19|And I think he's doing it in a very meaningful way.
NEUT20|So if you don't want to research a lot of companies and you do want to participate in this economic rebound, go buy Berkshire Hathaway.
NEUT21|BRK slash B shares which are significantly cheaper from an absolute dollar standpoint from the brka shares, so I think it's a really good way to play this economic rebound from 2021 onwards, and I will be buying Berkshire B Hathaway shares pretty soon, so once I do that, I'll post an update and also post a clip of Josh Brown is the one who brought this idea up on yesterday.
NEUT22|CNBC halftime.
NEUT23|Also, clip that video and post it at the end of this video.
NEUT24|So again, I think it's a really good perspective to kind of get your gears turning if you want to move from our trim.
NEUT25|Some of your profits from the technology stocks and you want to go buy some cyclical stocks.
NEUT26|So that's my update for today.
BULL27|Hopefully this helps.
BULL28|"Have a great day."""
