NEUT0|"""Once Upon a time, GameStop was known for the frenzy of customers rushing to its stores to get their hands on the latest video games will now GameStop and the frenzy around it is happening to financial markets."
BULL1|Shares of the retailer are soaring to record highs trading more than five times above analyst estimates.
NEUT2|Bloomberg Markets Reporter created Gupta is here to discuss and give us the down low on what exactly is happening with GameStop.
NEUT3|OK, I'm looking at GameStop on the terminal criti 245% year to date.
NEUT4|It's January 25th.
NEUT5|What is behind this recent surge?
NEUT6|Well 10 there's so much going on here and it really all started with some excitement.
NEUT7|Two weeks ago.
NEUT8|The two week Co founder, the co-founder of that Pet Co, Ryan Cohen was added to the board of GameStop and I'll just preface the rest of the story by saying the game stock has been a company that's been struggling for the past four years, so a big kind of narrative around this without the addition of Bryan Coe into the board would simply.
NEUT9|Kind of reject the company, give it some new life as you thought retail traders once again pushing into this company thinking he would return the company to its former glory and then you of course saw some of the leaders of the GameStop company itself sell some of their shares thinking, well that retail bed.
BEAR10|Maybe it had gone too far, even citron research.
NEUT11|One of those major short selling company said they're not going to comment on those rallies anymore because of simply the power behind some of those retail trades and that retail trade is still going on.
NEUT12|Some of these traders.
NEUT13|Paying a 426% premium to what analysts think it's worth so that that's just it's a story that just keeps on going.
NEUT14|Where does Reddit come into this?
BEAR15|Crazy I'm seeing so much on Twitter about Redditors talking about this company.
NEUT16|Will have a lot to do with it so Reddit has started to serve as this kind of medium.
NEUT17|This platform for where a lot of these retail traders discuss ideas and discuss kind of what's going on there.
NEUT18|Thinking behind some of these rallies and a lot of the companies that have gotten these monster rallies office retail bid a lot of the conversation has started on Reddit and that's why you're seeing GameStop show up on those on those platforms.
NEUT19|OK, So what are the redditors saying though, are they?
NEUT20|Are they saying, hey, this is a company that we actually believe?
NEUT21|Justifies this price or or these people just riding this rocket ship thinking that it's going to keep going up because of people like that.
NEUT22|OK, it seems like the latter.
BEAR23|It's this idea that we've seen really manifest during the pandemic that this idea that stocks are only going to go up.
NEUT24|So why not pile into a drive?
NEUT25|The stock price up and enjoy the ride, and I think that's where you're really seeing that narrative, not just show up and read it, but several other social media platforms is driving the likes of GameStop Kodak Tesla at one point, so once again this is a theme that you've really seen amplify underneath the pandemic.
NEUT26|That chart is just mind boggling to see created Gupta, Bloomberg markets Reporter Christy.
BULL27|Thank you as always.
NEUT28|For your time.
NEUT29|The biggest story is the moment they happen from around the globe.
NEUT30|Subscribe to Bloomberg.
NEUT31|"Quicktake now for insight in an instant."""
