BEAR0|"""Well, we've had a relatively quiet day in part because the US bond market is closed for veteran's day."
BEAR1|The Japanese stock market is in you post crisis high thanks to speculation about us, a snap election there, while Brent crude has fallen to yet another knew low for the year.
NEUT2|For now, I'd like to concentrate on one factor, which I find rather worrying about the US market.
BULL3|Given that it's at all time highs.
NEUT4|If we take a look at how large caps are performing compared to small caps.
NEUT5|It's very strange indeed, given that if we are in a period of expansion, we are in a period of a bull market.
BEAR6|Normally that is when Smallcaps would be outperforming plainly not the case.
NEUT7|Similarly, if we take a look at how a cyclical sector such as consumer discretionary is doing, compared to a very defensive sectors such as utilities, which as far as investors are concerned as little more than payout dividends.
NEUT8|Similarly all of the wrong things are happening for this supposed to point in the cycle.
BULL9|Defensives are beating cyclicals.
NEUT10|How can a bull explain this?
NEUT11|Well, I put this question to Richard Bernstein as part of the interview we brought you yesterday, but that reflects a little bit.
NEUT12|Is this contours of the profit cycle.
BEAR13|Generally when profit cycles decelerate, you'll find defensives and larger caps tend to outperform profit cycle accelerates, you find smaller caps and more cyclicals outperform.
NEUT14|And what you actually saw through a good chunk of this year was the profit cycle, although not not imploding by any means that growth rate was getting lower and lower.
BEAR15|And what we saw was large cap outperformance in defense of outperformance with very interesting.
BEAR16|Now is it almost looks in the data and so the profit cycle is beginning to trough.
BULL17|Not that we're going to have a boom in corporate profits.
NEUT18|Certainly not.
NEUT19|But we didn't have a cascading of corporate profits before either.
BULL20|If we're right and if the gradual increase in corporate profits takes hold, it would make sense for small caps to come back to life.
NEUT21|Would make sense for cyclicals that come back to life.
BULL22|But I think what was reflected in the first half of the year really made pretty good sense given the fact that corporate profits growth.
BULL23|Although not negative, was slowing, so again you can see that much of the Bulls case rests on whether Corporate USA really can revitalize its profitability once more.
NEUT24|I'm not sure that the third quarter earnings season really proved that case.
BULL25|"That suggests that the fourth quarter earnings season could be a very important moment of truth, but good news for those of you who want to go with the flow is that that is still three months away."""
