NEUT0|"""Today we will be talking about 3 dividend stocks that I am watching right now and hopefully buying soon."
NEUT1|Let's get into the video.
NEUT2|Before we get into video and I tell you the three dividend stocks that I'm looking into right now, I'd like to kindly ask you to demolish the like button as it really helps with the two algorithm and one more thing before I tell you the first talk, I would just like to tell you my criteria for a dividend stock just in case you have a different criteria.
NEUT3|My criteria, I'm not really looking for growth in the stock, I'm looking for good dividend growth and also the if they pay their dividends on time.
NEUT4|This is the two things I look for.
NEUT5|With my dividend stocks, because if they're not doing those things, they're not very reliable and I don't want to get into those.
NEUT6|Alright, First off we have ticker symbol oh or Realty Income Realty income pays a dividend every month and it's driven.
NEUT7|It is actually 4.62%.
BULL8|That is a pretty high dividend for stock that is paying a monthly dividend, but despite having such a high dividend, they have paid 605 months in a row and they have also had 93 straight quarterly increases in their dividend.
BULL9|This means the stock is reliable and consistent with their dividends.
NEUT10|And that is exactly what I'm looking for in a dividend stock.
NEUT11|The next doc on my list is going to be Coca Cola or ticker symbol K. Coca Cola pays a quarterly dividend of 3.03%.
BULL12|Coca Cola has had an increase in their dividend for 58 years straight, which shows consistency and something I really like to see.
BULL13|While this is a pretty small dividend, especially compared to Realty income, it's more of a safe stock and it actually does have some growth compared to Realty income, which basically stays the same but pays a high dividend.
BULL14|Coca Cola is a pretty reliable stock, as I don't really see them going anywhere, and they are the top soda brand in the United States and I can see myself buying more of this in the future.
NEUT15|The 3rd and final stock we're going to be talking about is Johnson and Johnson or ticker symbol J&J, First off Johnson and Johnson pay a quarterly dividend of 2.62%.
NEUT16|I included Johnson and Johnson.
NEUT17|This dividend stock video because I wanted to include a stock that it still has growth potential in a slightly smaller dividend that you can actually see some growth in your.
NEUT18|Portfolio as opposed to a higher dividend while his doctors have a high dividend, there's still growth potential there, and that's why I included this stock in the three dividends.
NEUT19|Just in case you wanted a more conservative one and before in the video I also have to include this in here that this is not stock advice.
NEUT20|This is basically just a jumping off point for you guys to use.
NEUT21|This is what I'm doing.
NEUT22|I actually invest in all of these companies, but this does not mean that you should go in blindly.
NEUT23|Follow my advice on Tick Tock.
NEUT24|There are a lot of people that are saying.
BEAR25|Are you losing people money with this stock pick?
NEUT26|Even though I see value in the stock, someone else might not.
NEUT27|And you guys need to be grownups.
NEUT28|'cause we're all adults here and you need to make the decisions for yourself.
NEUT29|You can use the stocks that I give in these videos as a jumping off point, and you can invest in them if you want.
NEUT30|Or you cannot invest in them if you don't think it's a good stock, do your research and make decisions for yourself.
NEUT31|This is just a jumping off point, so this is not financial advice, so that is going to be it for today's video.
NEUT32|If you guys can please comment down below ideas for videos, we have a lot of ideas for videos but we want to be making what you guys want to see.
NEUT33|So if you guys can comment where you want to see that would really help us out and leave a like if you can find it in your hearts because we put a lot of time and effort into this videos doing research and just creating them for you.
BULL34|"My name is Zach and I am so excited to see you in our next video, peace."""
