NEUT0|"""Well, I just saw you know what over the last couple of days, Scott, we've seen all kinds of different opportunities an an I think that you have to trade these markets as if we are going to get some sort of stimulus package."
BULL1|That's something that I think we're all counting, and I think we've seen some progress.
NEUT2|We keep hearing the word language if we can work on the language well.
NEUT3|Eventually I think they're going to get that so because of that.
BULL4|Scott, I think it does open up for opportunity, and I think there are names that can still have significant moves to the upside from where they are right now.
NEUT5|And so that's part of the impetus of this.
NEUT6|I've seen the unusual option, activity and matter of fact.
NEUT7|Across the board.
BULL8|Scott where we have seen some of the biggest plays within the unusual options that we've been seeing over the last call at 3-4 trading sessions has been in a lot of various technology names, and some of the industrial names, and so because of that, that's given me a lot more comfort in the idea of what my gut is telling me is.
NEUT9|Also I am seeing with others that are participating in the markets and putting out some of these huge buys in names like Boeing, an Apple and Tesla and NVIDIA.
NEUT10|Now obviously today some pressure on, but I think in the in the longer term over the next couple of weeks when I say longer term.
BULL11|I think we will see that package soon and because of that I think the markets will react in a positive way so they're reacting right now in a positive way.
NEUT12|As you can see on your screen there, you've got definitely a move higher.
NEUT13|I'm wondering though, Pete, whether you think that this news today in anyway will spur this.
NEUT14|Move back into technology, including some of the names that got hit pretty well in September, right?
NEUT15|The Fang stocks.
BEAR16|For example, Pete were were all down or most at least were down double digits, including everybody's favorite stock.
NEUT17|Apple, so do we now have our eyes keenly focused yet again on tecan?
BEAR18|That puts a little bit of a lid once again on the so called value trade.
NEUT19|Well, you know what I, I've never as you know Scott, my big thing is I like to have what I call you know stocks that you could look at these stocks and their quality.
BULL20|And so I'm looking for quality names and have obviously if they've got growth.
NEUT21|Well, a lot of quality names with growth are in that Fang World and especially in the NASDAQ world.
NEUT22|So that I think is part of the reason why we've seen that.
NEUT23|But that doesn't mean it's exclusively just to those names.
NEUT24|I think there are other names out there that still have plenty of upside.
NEUT25|We look at the truckers, we look at the rails.
NEUT26|We look at all kinds of different other areas of transportation and so forth.
NEUT27|I'm not talking about the airlines, though.
NEUT28|I'm talking about those others that are moving things around the country, and because of that I think there are a lot of other opportunities.
NEUT29|But certainly technology.
BULL30|"Yes, I am seeing paper that's telling me that technology is going to have a second wind soon."""
