BEAR0|"""Welcome back about 24 hours away from the Biden inauguration, and security is very high right now in the DC area."
BEAR1|A lot of hospitality names here reacting to some of those directives there, including Airbnb, announcing that it would be reimbursing hosts for cancelled reservations due to those security concerns.
BULL2|Very interesting move here that no doubt comes with a dollar cost attachment here.
NEUT3|For more on that when I bring on Yahoo Finance's Melody Hahm, who's been taking a look at that action as well as all the other hospitality moves here.
NEUT4|Around the inauguration melody.
NEUT5|Yeah Zach, so Air BNB last we did announce it will not be taking any new bookings.
NEUT6|Ann will be canceling existing ones in the Metro DC area.
NEUT7|From my estimates that comes out to about 5000 locations.
NEUT8|Properties around that area.
NEUT9|I did reach out to some Air B&B hosts asking for their reaction and one based in Baltimore, MD said she actually supports this move although she wishes that host could have a say in this process because it was sort of announced to them in the same way the press release.
BEAR10|Even to the rest of the world as we know, security is tight in DC after the January 6th riots and the National Mall will be closed as all of the local government officials in the DC area are saying stay home.
NEUT11|Please do not come out to the inauguration, but Air BNB definitely was the first mover and the most aggressive when it comes to this sort of policy.
BEAR12|Yeah, Melody, and when you think about that, Airbnbs move certainly likely to add pressure on some of their competitors to act as well.
NEUT13|What?
NEUT14|What are we hearing on that front?
BULL15|Yeah, so Expedia which owns VRBO would be the top competitor in the home rental sharing space.
BULL16|I have reached out to them upon this news last week.
NEUT17|They said they were they were staying put.
NEUT18|They were going to keep all reservations open.
NEUT19|No real changes.
NEUT20|And then actually over this long weekend they did issue a statement saying they reserve the right to cancel any sort of reservation if it means that there is a security threat on hand.
NEUT21|Guests are welcome to cancel reservations actually in DC or any of the US state capitals.
NEUT22|In all 50 states, if they feel as though traveling, of course not only because of security threats, but COVID-19 would actually stand in the way of their trip.
BEAR23|I do want to also point out that the hospitality union based in DC did issue a statement last week demanding that all hotels actually closed down.
BEAR24|We know all the major hotel chains, including Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton, are remaining open, many of them to actually serve the National Guard members.
NEUT25|Around 25,000 will be in DC over the course of the week.
NEUT26|In a statement Unite here, Local 25 did say.
BEAR27|We're calling on hotels to close ahead of inauguration unless they are hosting security personnel.
NEUT28|Any hotel that stays open must permit workers to stay home and relieve the moment they feel unsafe.
NEUT29|That has not actually had a tangible impact just yet.
NEUT30|Yeah, those hotel names that are working on that front to address those issues.
NEUT31|Airbnb kind of dealing with its own unique set of issues when it comes to reviewing some of those people who stayed in the DC area before during that rally a few weeks ago as well, but very interesting.
BULL32|"Mellieha appreciate you bringing us that."""
