NEUT0|"""When the Federal Reserve said will keep rates low through 2023 and basically told you to keep rates low through 2024, why the jitters in tech off the back of that?"
NEUT1|I it sounds crazy.
NEUT2|I think that I think that it's just noise at first.
NEUT3|Of all, if anybody believes that the Fed has a crystal ball on what the world is going to look like out in, you know in three or four years from now, what they're really trying to say to people is, you know, if you didn't think we were really, really, really serious.
NEUT4|Now we're one extra, really serious.
NEUT5|the Fed is telling you that they can't even imagine raising interest rates anytime in the future, and whether they say that out to 2022 or 23 or 27 I.
NEUT6|At the market should probably just be annoying that amount of knowing, ignoring as far as tech is concerned.
NEUT7|I think that growth stocks and even more than just tech growth stocks I think are going to be the theme going forward.
BEAR8|This was a pullback in a breather.
BEAR9|It was a reasonably harsh one.
NEUT10|I mean, if you look at growth versus value, an 8% spread and returns in only about 2 weeks.
BEAR11|If you look at the top five companies in the S&P underperforming the rest of the SNP.
BEAR12|By 8% in the last two weeks.
NEUT13|But you're also starting to see hedge funds and others nibbling to say, hey, maybe this is not opportunity to get some of these names a little bit cheaper and ride the next wave.
NEUT14|John, I remember you and I were in the room together actually around the same table of economic Club in New York when Chairman Powell delivered that address and he talked about financial instability.
NEUT15|That was a different man that was a different person because shortly thereafter with the sell off going into the back end of 2018.
BULL16|This is a been a fed that's been much more proactive to support financial conditions, and it predates the pandemic.
NEUT17|But John wanna think is interesting about your call is you think this is a fed that yes supports financial conditions but supports one part of the equity market.
NEUT18|More than the other, do you think the Fed's position and what they're basically communicating to market participants complicates a rotation away from growth and towards cyclical areas of this market?
NEUT19|It's a great question.
NEUT20|I think that if you're going to see a cyclical rotation into the market, it's going to have to be driven by near term economic success.
NEUT21|And that's going to be driven by, I think, two things.
NEUT22|First, you know number one is you need a vaccine that's going to get people out of their houses and spending money, and to open up cities and offices in a way that we haven't seen.
NEUT23|So that's number one and #2 is.
NEUT24|And I'm not a fan of just.
NEUT25|Endless stimulus, but if we saw a another aggressive stimulus package that could also boost people spending, there's a lot of of the PPP programs and the unemployment programs that are rolling off, you know, in the last month over the next several weeks that are going to take a bite out of the consumer and you're not going to have anything which looks like cyclical leadership in the near term, especially since we're not going to vaccine.
NEUT26|Tomorrow without the government boosting up the consumer and business spending, and you know, right, you know, right right away.
NEUT27|So my take is in the absence of vaccine and the absence of something really large from the government that you're going to have growth assets and stable cash flow companies.
NEUT28|These are consumer staples and healthcare companies.
NEUT29|Things like that.
BULL30|Those are the names that are going to do well, and industrials and materials and banks are going to struggle more.
BEAR31|"In that more you know, lukewarm, weak economic environment."""
