BULL0|"""In the three years since he took power, China's top leader Xi Jinping has consolidated control faster than most observers expected in the process."
BULL1|He's boldly asserted China's interests into global affairs from global development funds to disputes in the South China Sea.
BEAR2|However, China's slowing economy and tumbling stock market is proving to be his biggest challenge to date.
NEUT3|Here are five things you need to know about Chinese Leader Xi Jinping.
NEUT4|What is XI Jinping's family background?
NEUT5|She's father was a leading figure in the communist revolution in China, making him part of the Chinese ruling class.
NEUT6|Pedigree and relationships with other children of Chinese elite have played an instrumental role in his rise to power.
NEUT7|What Xi Jinping signature policy initiative.
BULL8|She is tapped into Chinese aspirations for greater global power and wealth with his China dream slogan, he's garnered support with the campaign for China to become a bigger player on the global stage.
NEUT9|What XI Jinping's leadership style, she is boldly asserted his control over the Communist Party apparatus.
BEAR10|Unlike previous leaders, who promoted a consensus driven leadership style, she has overshadowed Chinese Premier Li Keqiang.
NEUT11|And other senior officials.
NEUT12|How is she?
NEUT13|Jinping dealt with foreign leaders Xi Jinping heads to Washington next month to discuss issues with President Obama over cyber spying, business disputes and tightening controls over activists and nonprofits in China.
BULL14|She is tried to build a closer poor with President Obama, but it's showing a greater affinity for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
NEUT15|How is she Jinping dealt with the Chinese military leadership Xi Jinping took the reins of the military at the same time as he became the Communist Party chief in 2012 earlier than his predecessors.
BEAR16|He's targeted senior military officials in his anti corruption campaigns and taking a more forceful approach to territorial disputes.
NEUT17|"Three years into his term, the world is watching how Chinese leader Xi Jinping deals with the country's deepening economic problems and what the future holds for one of the world's most powerful leaders."""
