NEUT0|"""Deep dive stock analysis now before we get into the introduction of this new series, I first want to say thank you to all of you."
BULL1|Our investor community is now over 4000 subscribers strong and I really appreciate all the support you guys have provided to the channel.
NEUT2|Whether that's engaging with me or others in the comments or simply just learning from these videos, I want you to know that you're appreciated along those lines.
BULL3|I've been thinking about the future direction of the channel and how I can continue to provide more value to you.
NEUT4|This is the 60th video on the channel.
NEUT5|So I have a fair amount of data to look at and analyze when determining what you guys really value the most.
NEUT6|Some of the most popular videos include the stock to watch series are stock news videos as well as my public stock portfolio.
NEUT7|Now, one area that complements all those but hasn't fully been flushed out on the channel is a dedicated stock analysis series.
NEUT8|Now my goal for this series would be in each video to take a look at one stock and really take a deep dive into this company.
NEUT9|With this analysis you should be able to understand the business.
NEUT10|How it works and the key risks behind it will also talk about the company fundamentals and price ranges where the stock might become a compelling value.
NEUT11|The idea with these videos is I want them to be a lasting resource, so if anyone came to the channel and was interested in learning more about a specific company, they could reference these videos in this stock analysis series to get fully up to speed on a company they're considering investing in, so we'll try this out and I hope it's something that you guys will enjoy.
NEUT12|As for logistics, I'm going to try and make this a weekly series, but.
NEUT13|Since these videos will likely take a lot longer to research and prepare for, will adjust if we need.
BULL14|As for which stocks to cover, I'm hoping to use this as a chance to engage even more with you guys.
NEUT15|I love reading your comments and I replied almost every single one, but this will give you another opportunity to directly provide suggestions for which stocks you want to see covered next.
NEUT16|In that vein, all need your help to decide what will be the first stock we cover in this series.
NEUT17|To do this, simply leave a comment in the comment section below with a list of the stocks you'd be most interested in seeing covered.
NEUT18|The key here is that you can vote for more than one stock.
NEUT19|So for instance, if you want to see Micron, Facebook, and Walgreens all analyzed, let me know all three.
NEUT20|And as you guys know I am a value investor, but the stocks that you choose for this series don't have to be just value stocks.
NEUT21|It can be growth stocks or any other stocks as well.
NEUT22|Now I might have a slight bias towards value stocks, but I will try to be as accommodating as possible to cover the stocks that are in the most demand first.
NEUT23|So leave the stocks you want covered in the comments below and I will tally those all up as those come in.
BULL24|I'm very excited for this new series.
BULL25|I think you guys will get a lot of value out of it and I just want to say thank you again for your tremendous support so far.
BULL26|As always, thank you for watching.
NEUT27|"My name is Michael and I will see you in the next video."""
