NEUT0|"""Welcome back to 10X stocks like subscribe and let's get into latest NEO stock analysis and predictions, April 3rd."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions now receives more huge news watch to the end to learn about this.
NEUT2|According to Nunio News, it is now entering the video game space.
NEUT3|After bringing the F9 to the global version of Asphalt 9 Legends a month and a half ago, Neo is bringing the electric supercar to the Chinese version of the popular racing game.
BULL4|Nioh said Friday that the F9 is now officially available in the Chinese version of the Asphalt 9 Legends bringing the once uncreatable high performance supercar within reach of users.
BULL5|Niles said that players can upgrade vehicle parts in the game to improve performance.
NEUT6|This vehicle option features App Nine single quote as many iconic blue paint jobs and the games exclusive face Stratosphere blue paint job.
NEUT7|A tribute to the legend, Niles said.
NEUT8|On February 18th, now announced that the F9, the first Asian electric supercar, has landed in the global version of Asphalt 9 Legends.
NEUT9|In the game, users can choose the Neo Faye race car paint for the 2018 to 2019 season than iOS Nine was released in 2016 and on October 12th, 2016 the sports car set an electric car, lap time record of seven minutes and 05 seconds at the Nurburgring Nordschleife.
BULL10|In Germany it set another record of 257 kilometers H at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, TX on February 23rd, 2017, making it the fastest electric car in the world.
NEUT11|The first batch of Nioh up 9 is limited to 6 units worldwide and the owners are William Lee, founder of Nioh Chang Lai, founder and CEO of Hill House capital Pony, MA, founder of Tencent Liu Kang.
NEUT12|Dong founder of Lee Jung, founder of Zio, Me and Lee Auto, founder of Otome and Lee Auto.
NEUT13|The asphalt series of games is one of the most popular racing games among Chinese users.
NEUT14|Its first generation was released in 2004.
BULL15|And has always maintained an irreplaceable position among racing fans worldwide due to these and other catalysts such as the US Jobs report, Nioh is expected to skyrocket higher to a median price from $42 to $44.
NEUT16|Basically Neo, will it be a long term winner and make investors rich?
NEUT17|Will Neo skyrocket more?
BULL18|Only time can tell, but this definitely looks promising.
BULL19|Hold long and strong blue skies are coming.
BULL20|Thanks for watching.
NEUT21|"Like subscribe and go watch my other videos."""
