BULL0|"""Netflix shares are up almost 3% right now."
NEUT1|Julie Borgeson has more from that from LA on that move, Julia.
NEUT2|Morgan, that's right.
BULL3|Netflix shares moving higher this morning on the streamer, drawing more nominations from the Academy than ever before.
BULL4|24 nominations for Netflix in total announced this morning that 24 is up from 15 nominations in total last year next in line with Disney, which grabbed 22 nominations and that includes its Fox Searchlight Division, Netflix's biggest winner today, the Irishman drawing 10 nominations, including Best Picture, It's Marriage Story, also earning a Best Picture nod with six nominations in total.
NEUT5|The question is whether Netflix will lose out to a traditional studio for the top Best Picture award as it did last year when Roma drew a ton of nominations and awards but did not win Best Picture, the other leading contenders who could beat the Irishman.
NEUT6|Warner Brothers the Joker with 11 nominations and Once Upon a time in Hollywood from Sony and Universal's 1917 both drew 10 nominations each including Best Picture.
NEUT7|But guys we can be sure that Netflix will use all of these nominations.
NEUT8|To promote its service, try to draw subscribers and also hold on to them guys back over to you.
BULL9|Yeah, nominations for the Obamas, and it looks like we're going to get another year of Oscarssowhite outrage, Julia.
BEAR10|Yes, a lot of backlash already.
NEUT11|This is a year where there were no female nominees for director.
NEUT12|Even though Greta Gerwig was considered going to be a shoo in to be nominated for Best Director for Little Women, she was not nominated there and of the 20 actors who are nominated between men and Women, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, There is only one African American for the movie Harriet.
NEUT13|So a lot of backlash Oscars, so white and so male again.
NEUT14|It'll be interesting to see how they handle those issues.
NEUT15|The award ceremony is much earlier this year than usual.
NEUT16|"Coming up on February 9th."""
