NEUT0|"""Hello everyone kept him here and this really want to get into Facebook Inc. And their recent announcement of Facebook shops and what this means for the company in the stock price in the near future."
NEUT1|Also, if you'd like through free stocks went from within rapid.
NEUT2|Check the links in the description below.
NEUT3|So guys get into the analysis.
NEUT4|We see that Facebook just announced yesterday Facebook shops and Facebook shops is basically an E Commerce platform on Facebook right now that you can open up shops for all of these stores that have been kind of hit by the pandemic and we're seeing that its stock price is wrecking extremely positive to this.
BULL5|And basically reached new all time highs because this is kind of putting itself in the market of let's say Shopify, who it's partnered up with as well to kind of launch the structure for this E Commerce platform on Facebook.
BULL6|So this is great news for Facebook.
NEUT7|Mark Zuckerberg has been talking about the importance of kind of pushing for this online e-commerce movement.
NEUT8|Facebook will be collecting around the 5% fee on all the sales that people make on Facebook shops and this view won't go into place until kind of the end of June.
NEUT9|So we're seeing kind of a movement into huge online sales and this has been indicative of what, let's say Walmart did in its earnings, right?
BULL10|They had a huge push with delivery Express as well, and we saw Walmarts plus stock price kind of react extremely positively because their online sales went up 74% and now Facebook is able to monetize its platform even better.
NEUT11|Using this and kind of again going into this.
BEAR12|E-commerce, Shopify storefronts we see that Facebook stock price is having a huge reaction to this.
NEUT13|And Wall Street is extremely bullish on Facebook stock right now, so the analysts are predicting kind of around 30 billion natural revenue from this kind of Facebook shops in the near term.
NEUT14|And this might be extremely bullish for Facebook stock because they've kind of only been focused, let's say on ads, right?
NEUT15|That's how they make a majority of their revenue.
BULL16|But now they'll be able to make even more fees based off of the fact that more people will be shopping online and kind of more people will be moving to Facebook platform to establish themselves as a storefront, likes Shopify.
BULL17|So we're seeing again all of these analysts be extremely bullish on Facebook, and this might be able to give Facebook an extra leg up to be able to compete with Amazon and Google.
NEUT18|As far as an E Commerce giant and kind of and move into this overall online storefront business.
BULL19|So we're seeing Facebook like really, positively as far as the stock price right now.
BULL20|Guys, I am leaning more bullish right now towards Facebook stock because of the fact that we might see higher highs in the near future.
NEUT21|But again, I don't like to go into overextended prices in certain stocks, so we're seeing that Facebook kind of had.
NEUT22|This support over here at the 20 expansion moving average I would kind of like to go in again when this 20 expansion.
NEUT23|Moving average kind of creeps up to this current stock price, even if the slide price, let's say where to go up to like let's say 240 over here.
BULL24|If it were to pull back, let's say or into this area, we would see the 20 expansion moving average creeping up and this would be a previous area of support over here.
NEUT25|I would assume because this was the previous tops that we saw on Facebook chart.
BULL26|So I do think that these would be the levels to look at if you want the ladder into Facebook and you know it could potentially see higher highs in the near term.
NEUT27|But I just don't like to go into overextended stuff.
BULL28|So overall guys I think Facebook stock is bullish based off of this news and we might see even higher highs for Facebook stock because they're breaking into this new e-commerce industry and we're seeing them compete with Shopify, Amazon and Google for ecommerce space.
NEUT29|So overall guys please like and subscribe are really helps out the channel with the algorithm.
NEUT30|Leave a comment in the comment section down below letting me know what stocks you'd like me to look at next.
BULL31|And thank you guys for watching.
BULL32|"Have a great one."""
