BULL0|"""That goes to positive vaccine news, but health care is doing well."
BULL1|Again, those health care ETF's hitting historic highs.
NEUT2|And I don't mean just the broad healthcare one.
NEUT3|The biotech ETF's like the NASDAQ biotech ETF.
BULL4|The IBB also hitting historic highs.
NEUT5|Companies racing defines a means to combat the coronavirus.
NEUT6|Of course, joining me now to discuss Todd Rosenbluth, senior director of ETF and Mutual Fund Research at CFRA, Chris Hempstead, is the director of Institutional Business Development Index IQ.
NEUT7|Todd.
NEUT8|Not only is the market cap weighted.
BULL9|IBB hitting new highs as well, but the equal weight biotech the FBI also at new highs.
BULL10|This tells me everything is moving up in the last couple of weeks.
NEUT11|It certainly is, and with XP I the equal weight you have more exposure to small and mid cap companies.
NEUT12|It was touched on earlier that you're going to see a wide array of companies that are trying to come up with a vaccine or a treatment for the coronavirus so you can spread that wealth around, spread that risk around with XPIIBB is more concentrated in some of the heavyweights within the biotechnology industry, so you have a little bit more safety in that diversification of those four or five different names.
BULL13|But two really strong performing ETF's this year.
NEUT14|And we like health care and see, afraid, we think there's more room to run.
BULL15|And Chris, not only, of course, we're seeing the biotech names that regenerx on the insights hitting new high, but even some of the big cap pharma are really doing well.
BEAR16|AB, it's been just hitting it out of the ballpark in the last couple of weeks as well.
NEUT17|Yeah, I mean if you look at the broader healthcare sector, you're going to see AB it.
NEUT18|You're going to see Thermo Fisher, Eli Lilly all in those funds that are contributing to some of that great performance.
NEUT19|And to Tom's point on the biotech sector, if you look at some of the comparisons between IBB and SBI, despite the fact that they have different market cap weightings, you will see in the top contributions there Maderna, immunity, pneumatics, regenerx and you know all familiar names that are in both funds.
NEUT20|Seattle Genetics, those are definitely contributing common names to both of those VPS.
NEUT21|Yeah, and Todd.
BULL22|The tech trade is back as well.
NEUT23|Of course, taking a weeklong breather, but now it's back mega caps on up all today.
BULL24|Here we are at new highs for not just abroad tech, ETF, semiconductors, and even those thematic names, robotic ETF's and cyber security ETF's hack hitting historic highs as well, Todd.
NEUT25|Yeah, these growth oriented stocks.
NEUT26|This is the way to work from home and stay at home through cyber security through robotics.
NEUT27|ETF's like BOTZ from Global X or CIBR which is the Cyber ETF from first trust.
BULL28|"Those are doing well there also keeping up relatively well with XL K. The technology sector spider, which is dominated by Apple and Microsoft and so the bigger companies are obviously doing the best in this space."""
