BULL0|"""Castor maritime is up 7% today."
NEUT1|Will we retest the highs?
NEUT2|Is it time to buy more shares?
NEUT3|Give me 3 minutes of your time and I will tell you if they are worth buying or selling and what to look for going forward.
BULL4|They have some momentum building and in the last three weeks a ton of institutions have been loading up on this stock.
NEUT5|If you don't know about Castor maritime, they're a shipping company that specializes in dry bulk shipments.
BULL6|They have been growing their fleet of vessels, and they've actually purchased another carrier on February 18th with the purchase of this vessel.
BULL7|They're doubling in size since the beginning of 2021.
BULL8|However, the news that caused a spike up in price was the BDI index which tracks shipping rates for dry bulk carriers, has increased 39% in the last 30 days, and this could relate with Biden's clean energy agenda, which I said in my last video would benefit Castor maritime because the dry ball cares they operate.
NEUT9|Are among the lowest carbon emitting vessels available for maritime transport.
BEAR10|However, some analysts online are speculating that this move has more to do with the Robin Hood traders buying more shares because of the wallstreetbets height behind this stock.
BEAR11|However, there are lots of insiders loading up on this stock right now.
BEAR12|In the month of February 14, institutions have added onto their positions, including Royal Bank of Canada, Morgan Stanley and HRT Financial, and just two institutions have decreased their positions.
NEUT13|This is a really good sign because these are some of the most well known institutions and they have thousands of analysts working for them and you always want to be invested into the stocks with the smart money behind them.
BULL14|So now unlike chart of Castor maritime, we can see that we have broken through this support at around $0.85 and we are now holding this 50 day moving average.
BULL15|We also have this liquid ITI Wick, which suggests that there's a lot of buying being done in this area as we can see on the one hour time frame, we're still making lower lows and lower highs.
NEUT16|And I think that there is a chance that we will continue down further because analysts are speculating that this move is happening purely because of the momentum.
BULL17|So without an actual catalyst I don't see this being the right time to continue higher a catalyst that I would look out for is their earnings release, which some analysts are predicting to be better because of the increase in BDI index which should translate into gains in revenue and profits in the quarters to come.
BULL18|Which would be a positive catalyst to move the stock back up to the highs of made.
NEUT19|Around $2.00, so if you're looking to get into this stock, I would definitely be watching the one hour time frame for us to begin making higher highs and higher lows.
BULL20|And I would also keep an eye out for any future catalyst to move the stock because I don't think that pure momentum will get us to retest the highs.
BULL21|Also on the one hour time frame we have bears hidden divergent, which is a very strong sign that we will continue down to retest those lows ever made.
NEUT22|But since this is on the one hour time frame, it's not as strong as it were written.
NEUT23|Beyond the daily timeframe, but I would still take this into consideration.
NEUT24|So overall I am short term bear shall not be getting back into the stock until I see another positive catalyst come out.
NEUT25|"Thanks for watching and subscribe if you're new."""
