BULL0|"""Hi everybody, Mike Sena."
NEUT1|More here AKA Precise 26 from precisiondigital.ca an right now we're going to look at the gold chart and we're looking at the four hour chart.
NEUT2|This is a update to my previous analysis.
BULL3|So as we can see again, we have our resistance area here.
NEUT4|That's going to be a key resistance area.
NEUT5|I don't know if you can count that as three bounces.
NEUT6|Probably going to see a third one before any type of breakup that anyhow.
BEAR7|We have broken down of the support area here and now we're making a pullback close close to the resistance area here so it still could come up as far as this.
NEUT8|As a pullback without changing the direction, so keeping that in mind, we need to be careful when we short.
BULL9|However, we are at the 100 moving average resistance area here, so this is a very strong resistance area and we are definitely making a bearish flag and we do have a support area as well for that bearish flag and we're going to look for a break of this.
NEUT10|Support here, so a break of this support could have a pending order if the support is a little higher than the moving average, then you should put your order slightly below the moving average, just in case we break the line just to be stopped by the moving average.
BEAR11|Looking at the RVI, we can see it's below 0 it came up with the pullback an it seems to have stopped so far an has not risen above 0.
BULL12|That's a good thing for the Bears.
BEAR13|It's definitely pointing downward now.
NEUT14|So we'll see if this turns around or actually just kind of continues up and goes up.
NEUT15|We'll have to see now again pending order below the break below.
BULL16|The moving average a pending order above the resistance areas here, and that will.
BULL17|Trigger break up here will trigger the long term bull continuation, but I suspect we're going to go down a little more, seeing that on the longer term we definitely have space to go down, so hopefully this was helpful.
NEUT18|"Please like subscribe and share and have a great day."""
