BEAR0|"""The Indian economy went through Major Upson Downs since independence."
NEUT1|In this video we will look at the growth story of India service sector since 1947.
NEUT2|We can divide this growth into two phases.
NEUT3|Phase one lasted from 1947 to 1991 and phase two lasted from 1991 to 2018.
NEUT4|The scenario up till 1991 was that services after independence will not under the main focus of the policy makers.
NEUT5|But some services like Quick Mail service telephone lines.
BULL6|Transportation we're contributing to around 20 to 25% of GDP after 1991 Indian service sector witnessed a high and steep growth in banking, telecom, public administration and services like GPU.
BULL7|With the help of professionals, India was able to contribute in a big way toward service based industries since 1991 till present Indian service sector has been experiencing a continuous rise.
NEUT8|An interesting fact to note here is that according to economic literature, first the growth of agriculture sector is much to feed the population.
NEUT9|Then an economy can switch its focus towards industries.
NEUT10|When an economy has a good industrial base and a decent agriculture growth, then the agriculture sector is able to provide raw material to the industries.
NEUT11|Also, the people involved in agriculture have sufficient purchasing power to consume the goods manufactured by the industry.
BULL12|After the success of these sectors, the economy can switch focus towards service sector which will provide vital linkage between agriculture and industry.
NEUT13|However, in India the switch from agriculture to industry did not happen as expected due to the failure of the Mahalanobis model and after the economic reforms of 1991, majority of FDI flowed into the service sector.
NEUT14|This way India did not follow the traditional path of agriculture industry services but skipped the industrial development part to achieve huge growth in service sector.
NEUT15|There were many reasons for why this happened.
NEUT16|First we look at why growth in industrial sector was low.
BEAR17|First, there was excess protection given to domestic industries before 1991.
BEAR18|Second, there was prevalence of high and tough norms like licensing policies and getting clearance was very difficult.
BEAR19|Third, due to excessive degree of favoritism, nepotism and corruption projects were stalled very frequently and forth.
BEAR20|There was a shortage of manpower fell during the second last decade of 21st century.
NEUT21|They were also specific reasons why the services sector grew at this rate.
NEUT22|First, the government policies after 1991 were in favor of service based industries.
NEUT23|Second, the expertise brought in by the foreign firms was in favor of service based industries and 3rd service based industries have a low capital to output ratio.
NEUT24|So it is the amount of capital required to produce a single unit of output.
NEUT25|This was all in this video.
NEUT26|I'll see you next time with more content.
NEUT27|"Till then stay tuned."""
