BULL0|"""Tipranks these two penny stocks could rally all the way to $11.00, say analysts at its January FOMC meeting, the Federal Reserve held interest rates steady."
NEUT1|They are near rock bottom now and to no one's surprise, the Fed is keeping them there.
BEAR2|Fed chairman Jerome Powell may have fed some market pessimism when he spoke after the meeting and pointed out that unemployment, which has been rising in recent months.
BULL3|For market watchers seeking support, there is solace in the Fed's monetary policy.
BULL4|The central Bank is committed to buying $80 billion monthly in Treasury notes and has put a rate increase on hold, likely until 2023.
NEUT5|At least one top strategist sees the current market environment in terms of opportunity.
BEAR6|JP Morgan strategist, Marko Kolanovic takes a bullish stance writing we expect the global covid pandemic to decline rapidly in the coming weeks.
BEAR7|In fact, the pace of decline in new cases over the last two weeks is the highest on record both in the US and globally.
BEAR8|Central banks should remain accommodative given the elevated unemployment levels and over a decade of low inflation, running below their targets.
NEUT9|Short term turmoil such as the one this week are opportunities to rotate from bonds to equities.
BULL10|Taking this outlook into consideration, we set out to find exciting opportunities that won't break the bank, namely Penny stocks.
BULL11|These stocks priced at $5 or less, offer investors some of the highest growth potential available in the market.
NEUT12|There is risk here too, as the pennies are often priced low for a reason, so due diligence is essential.
BULL13|Using Tip ranks database, we identified 2 penny stocks that have earned a strong by consensus rating from the analyst community.
BULL14|Not to mention, each offers up massive upside potential as some analysts see them climbing to $11.00 Bioline RX limited VL RX.
NEUT15|We'll start with Bioline RX, a clinical stage biopharma company focused on developing new cancer treatments.
NEUT16|Oncology as a major field for cutting edge Bio Pharma's cancer is frequently deadly and frequently resistant to current treatments and those treatments themselves will frequently cause severe side effects in patients.
BULL17|Bio Line RX has an active pipeline of drug candidates, but the most advanced as mode, except for tide, a synthetic peptide which has completed patient enrollment in a phase three study on stem cell mobilization for autologous bone marrow transplantation.
BULL18|The drug is being studied for its efficacy in promoting the harvesting of bone marrow prior to the cancer treatment.
BULL19|Results from a pre planned interim analysis showed statistically significant evidence favoring treatment with mode except for tight in the primary endpoint.
BULL20|Evidence which was so significant that the enrollment was completed early with 122 patients instead of 177 stem cell mobilization using mode, except for tight is seen as the company's most efficient path to registering the new drug for regulatory approval.
NEUT21|"Based on the potential of mode, except for tighten the $2.00."""
