NEUT0|"""It's growing crypto here with coin payments for the Fintech Flash where we go over the biggest news in Fintech and blockchain this last week."
BULL1|At 15 Kane above, bitcoins market capitalization is now bigger than PayPal.
NEUT2|Coca Cola, and Netflix.
BULL3|The BTC price has surged from 10 to 15 K within the past two months, causing the market cap to jump to around 280 billion.
BULL4|However, Bitcoin is still behind the three largest financial institutions in the US by valuation, namely Visa, MasterCard and JP Morgan.
NEUT5|On November 7th, several major media outlets announced that after four days of rigorous vote counting that Joe Biden had managed to secure enough electoral votes to become the 46 president of the United States, analysts are taking a closer look at how a Biden presidency may impact traditional markets.
NEUT6|And the Bitcoin price several key factors there considering are the potential passage of a new round of economic stimulus and the possibility of a stock market recovery.
NEUT7|the US government seized $1 billion in Bitcoin from Dark web marketplace, the Silk Road, the Department of Justice announced on Thursday that it had seized the wall, its contents as part of a civil forfeiture case.
NEUT8|The government said it retrieved the roughly 70,000 bitcoins with the help of an unnamed hacker referred to as individual X.
NEUT9|It's unclear if individual X has been arrested or how their cooperation was attained.
BULL10|Tether closes in on a $17 billion market cap.
BULL11|Is Bitcoin continues to soar.
BULL12|As a mid September tether's market cap has seen nearly a fourfold increase since the beginning of the year.
BULL13|Information from crypto data platform crypto Quant also shows stable coin inflow transactions hitting new 2020 highs as it exceeds 60,000 transactions.
NEUT14|Crypto Twitter may not be as influential as it likes to think, according to researchers at the DC Center.
NEUT15|The researcher analyzed one point.
NEUT16|1,000,000 tweets between 2018 and June 2020, and found that when tweets about a certain coin started ramping up, it's because its price had changed and not vice versa.
NEUT17|All the charges demonstrate more or less the same thing.
NEUT18|The mention curves follow the price curve.
BULL19|A new study by leading research from Forrester Consulting found that retailers that accept Bitcoin as a payment method attracted new customers and significantly boosted sales merchants surveyed in this study, who became Bitcoin adopters avoided 2.25% in transaction fees and had fewer chargebacks.
NEUT20|The study also found that the security of blockchain backed cryptocurrencies help prevent payment mistakes and fraud saving merchants.
NEUT21|About 1% in total sales.
NEUT22|That's it.
NEUT23|"For this week's Fintech Flash and we'll see you back here again next Friday."""
