NEUT0|"""XL MSRP ripplex RP news."
NEUT1|Today XRP price prediction February 14th in today's XL MSRP.
NEUT2|Ripplex RP news.
BEAR3|Today, XRP Price prediction, co-founder dumps 40 MSRP.
NEUT4|Alright, let's get started.
BEAR5|Ripple co-founder Jed Mccaleb has dumped another 40 million XRP bringing his total holding below 500,000,000 XRP, according to a report by you today and using data from XRP Scan the Ripple cofounders Taco Stand Wallet has sold another 40 million XRP.
BEAR6|Mccaleb has continued to frustrate ex RP holders over the years by regularly dumping XRP on the market following his separation from Ripple in 2013.
NEUT7|His most recent sale, sent on February 9th, amounted to $20 million in SRP, bringing his total holding to 499 million XRP.
BEAR8|$250 million Mccaleb had originally halted his ex RP sales in late December following the US Securities and Exchange Commission's SEC lawsuit against Ripple and its Co founders, according to the regulatory body, Ripple engaged in the illegal sale of an unregistered security in 2013 by offering XRP to investors in the US and worldwide.
BEAR9|The suit also alleged that Ripple distributed billions of XRP in exchange for non cash consideration and failed to register.
BEAR10|Their offers, despite the suit, former SEC executive Joseph a Hall said there was a good chance the Commission would lose its case against Ripple, calling its evidence for differentiating a crypto asset from a security was inadequate.
NEUT11|That's what's been happening this week in the world of XLMXRP.
NEUT12|Ripple, XRP, News, today XRP price prediction.
NEUT13|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of XLMXRP Ripple, XRP news.
NEUT14|Today XRP price prediction.
NEUT15|If you enjoyed this edition of XLMXRP Ripple XRP News today XRP price prediction, leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL16|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT17|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT18|Check out last week's LMXRP Ripple, XRP news today.
NEUT19|XRP price prediction.
NEUT20|"By checking out our XLMXRP Ripple, XRP news today, XRP price prediction playlist."""
