NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 28th."
BEAR1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions selling Tesla buying NIO alright let's get started yesterday Tesla missed its earnings bottom line with disappointing revenues come in lower than expected.
BEAR2|Tesla's quarterly report after the Bell were 5% lower than analysts estimates, but managed to meet a small profitable quarter for the electric vehicle company today.
BEAR3|Tesla shares were down about 5% after hours following an earnings call to discuss the quarter and year ahead.
BULL4|The company gave some guidance on sales going forward, stating yesterday's report came in low, but we expect to achieve 50% average annual growth in vehicle deliveries.
NEUT5|This is an expectation that mostly likely won't be met due to the Chinese support of local brands like NIO CEO Elon Musk in order to follow in Nio's footsteps announced that Tesla also plans to make its premium driver assistance software marketed as the full self-driving option, which will be available on a subscription basis.
NEUT6|That means drivers won't have to pay the high upfront price of $10,000 to use FSD if they want it.
NEUT7|Meanwhile, today investors are selling off their Tesla stock while investing in NIO.
BEAR8|Today, NIO stock price increased 3.42% on the grounds of Tesla's disappointing sales and earnings call.
BULL9|NIO is currently ahead of the competition in autonomous driving technology expansion plans as well as long range driving.
BULL10|It is projected that NIO will break another delivery sales records with eight to 9000 vehicles sold in January.
NEUT11|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT12|If you haven't subscribed yet.
NEUT13|Make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT14|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL15|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT16|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT17|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
