BULL0|"""Stock market bulls have been quick to proclaim the death of Osama bin Laden as a new reason for shares to rally killing of the leader of al Qaeda certainly prompted jubilation in the US."
BULL1|Some are now arguing it will provide a permanent boost to the global perception of American power that it will reduce the risk of terrorism and even little help attract investors to equities fall in the oil price.
NEUT2|Does suggest that investors accept part of this argument, perhaps reading implications for Libya.
NEUT3|Into the US, ability to assassinate bin Laden deep in Pakistan.
BEAR4|Parallel dropping gold could be the result of a perception that geopolitical risk is fallen.
BEAR5|Yeah, you are shares gave back Monday's initial euphoria before even the end of the day.
BULL6|And they've joined European and most Asian shares in their retreat today.
BEAR7|The dollar usually weakens when investors are feeling more confident, instead strengthened daily moves might be just noise as investors struggle to understand the implications.
NEUT8|But it's just as plausible that equities may be paying little attention to the news part.
NEUT9|From the brief excitement on Monday morning, this chart shows some of the major events.
NEUT10|So far this year, Japanese earthquake and subsequent nuclear disaster revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt and Civil War in Libya followed by the Western assault in the US.
BEAR11|Standard and Poors is shift to a negative outlook which threatens the country's top credit rating and on top of that, the economic growth, which disappointed in the first quarter.
BULL12|Meanwhile, in Europe, German mentions of the possibility of a Greek default have grabbed investor attention.
BULL13|And while the Middle East unrest and the Japanese crisis did briefly make their impact felt, equity markets managed to shrug off both events in a matter of weeks.
BEAR14|Talk of Greek default is trashed, the bonds, the weakest European countries, but he's had little effect on shares either in core Europe or elsewhere in the world.
BEAR15|Even the risk that America might lose its top credit rating was pretty quickly forgotten on Monday.
BULL16|The S&P 500 Index hit 1370 here its highest since the middle of June.
NEUT17|Back in 2008.
BULL18|World shares were performing similarly.
NEUT19|If equities can ignore all this bad news plausable, they can also ignore the good news of bin Laden's death.
NEUT20|There may be effects.
NEUT21|Barack Obama as his presidential credentials burnished and he may be more effective as a result, but it's pretty hard to trade on this before there's any evidence at all that he's actually convinced Republicans to accept, say, his budget plans.
BEAR22|Instead, shares are being driven by easy money and by unsustainable government deficits.
NEUT23|"Really, one less aging international terrorist makes very little difference."""
