NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, it's hanging on it being the price.
NEUT5|What do I mean by hanging on?
NEUT6|Well, this will be a little bit more of those you that maybe watch the past videos.
NEUT7|I've done an Apple but I've talked quite a bit about that green line right there being an important area of support which is valid right there at 119 fifty and you go through the past history of the chart and you can see this is done a good job of providing support and then you Fast forward to today and once again several times the price kind of hovered right around that general vicinity of 119 fifty and to give full credit credits do.
BULL8|So far so good.
NEUT9|The price is hanging on, the price is not violated down below there.
NEUT10|So that's definitely been confirmed as a very important level.
NEUT11|Anna level were very clearly there was a lot of buyers down there whenever the price even gets close to 119.
NEUT12|Fifty, you know the bid shows up.
NEUT13|People are buying and that doesn't mean that it's guaranteed to continue to happen that way, but as of right now, it like that.
NEUT14|It's very clear that people are wanting to buy at 119 fifty, although because the price does keep, you know, knocking on that door and the price is still relatively close to it.
NEUT15|I do want to get one more area of support mapped out just in case that level ultimately does you know is broken and that next level of support would then be down there at the one 1825 Mark so.
NEUT16|One 1950 and then one 1825.
NEUT17|Two main technical levels of support moving forward.
NEUT18|Now, in the event the price decides all of a sudden start to bounce back upwards at that point.
NEUT19|Now where the levels of resistance app and that first big level of resistance that really stands out to me, and I'm sure many others is right there at that pink line there, which on my charge denotes a very one of the very famous 200.
NEUT20|Moving average and the current value of that as well just call 122 fifteen.
NEUT21|So keep an eye on that.
NEUT22|In the event that price does try to bounce back upwards, but on all 119 fifty very very important level.
NEUT23|It did hold up strong today, but let's see how the price continues to behave relative to that area next week.
NEUT24|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT25|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT26|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
NEUT27|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me.
BULL28|Unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up.
NEUT35|For a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
