NEUT0|"""Tobias, can you be a buyer of stocks on this beautiful Wednesday morning?"
BEAR1|It's a little bit more troublesome at these levels and markets.
BULL2|Come back pretty sharply on legitimate reasons, including tremendous stimulus both from the Federal Reserve as well as from feds, or from the government through the CARES Act, particularly.
BULL3|But we've also seen the reopening of the economy we've been starting.
BULL4|We've seen better news on the health care front in terms of less hospitalizations, less deaths, or more better treatments, hopes on vaccines.
NEUT5|All that is fine, and what I call full movie is kind of.
NEUT6|Played in, which is institutional investors, fear of missing or not out, but rather fear of meaningfully underperforming.
NEUT7|So as markets go up, they have to participate, and everybody focuses on the technicals as opposed to some of the fundamentals.
NEUT8|For example, how's the unemployment issues going to play out over the next 6-9 months, and it is going to be a more difficult economic.
NEUT9|Suppose you touched on something really important.
NEUT10|We see a price move and there's always a tent in a temptation to find this neat fundamental narrative that fits it.
NEUT11|Are you saying this is just very technical?
BEAR12|It's a position squeezes momentum.
NEUT13|It's the fear of missing out the fear of missing of underperforming as you put it as well.
NEUT14|So look, I think again there are some true fundamental backdrops to it.
NEUT15|I think probably the best argument I have heard from investors is that companies are making structural change their learning how to work through the pandemic induced virtual reality that were kind of enduring over 2 1/2 months.
NEUT16|Companies have really thought sought out the efficiencies and they're reacting to it.
BULL17|So there going to be some structural changes that therefore provides better margin opportunity for the companies on the outside.
NEUT18|But the problem is.
BEAR19|That those structural efficiencies also mean those jobs don't come back as quickly and creates kind of a demand problem.
BEAR20|Look, we think the 40 million numbers are too high in terms of the reported claims.
NEUT21|Simply 'cause there's a number of duplication.
NEUT22|People who signed up for it.
NEUT23|Sure, if they, if they find a Pearl, you know correctly, submitted another claim and you're seeing you know certain states coming on telling you their duplicates.
NEUT24|So maybe let's say the numbers thirty million, 32 million, and let's even say half of those people get back their jobs by year end.
BEAR25|There's still another 16 million people who don't have their jobs, and it's going to be problematic in terms of top line activity for corporations.
BEAR26|There are certain industries that are in during this extraordinary well, and there's certain ones that are far more damaged 'cause it's really happened, as the pandemic has accelerated certain trends that were kind of already underway, so the demise of brick and mortar retail has increased rapidly.
BULL27|The trend towards telemedicine is also increased the other way.
BULL28|Very proud.
NEUT29|You know, significantly so.
NEUT30|Those are some of the things that are changing secularly, but again, I think companies have really learned how to work through this and it is a.
NEUT31|It is a proper argument.
NEUT32|The question is, is the market move too much?
BEAR33|"And our sense from our panicky foreign model, which is now flashing euphoria again, is suggesting almost an 80% probability that markets will be down in the subsequent 12 months as opposed to up."""
