NEUT0|"""Women owned businesses play a critical role in the US economy, accounting for $1.9 trillion in revenue and employing 9.4 million people."
BEAR1|the US Chamber of Commerce reported that female small business owners are less optimistic about their revenue investment and hiring plans and have less access to capital than their male counterparts.
BULL2|Against the backdrop of the covid pandemic, Diane von Furstenberg teamed up with Amazon for the second year in a row to Spotlight women owned businesses on the E Commerce platform.
NEUT3|The monthlong campaign highlights companies from several countries, including the US, India and Spain.
NEUT4|All of which were handpicked by Von Furstenberg as well as friends and fellow a listers like Mindy Kaling.
NEUT5|That happened last year for International Women's Day.
NEUT6|I saw that I wanted to do something for the for women an I thought that Amazon has such a big big theater and they do help these these women entrepreneur.
BULL7|So it was a nice thing to highlight them and it was so successful that we are anniversary.
NEUT8|All women are the same.
NEUT9|You know we all have the same issues and we all have the same problems and frustrations.
NEUT10|And desire, and it's about taking charge and being in charge.
NEUT11|So it's really about honoring women in charge.
NEUT12|You know, we pick.
NEUT13|These are all women who have ideas about product.
NEUT14|And so I pick products that that wear little diapers.
NEUT15|One is a a toy and the other one is paper.
NEUT16|The the hot sauce.
NEUT17|Everyone has an idea and they make it happen.
NEUT18|Amazon works with more than two million independent selling partners in the US.
NEUT19|48% of those are.
NEUT20|Owned by women, there isn't a day that I don't order something on Amazon and that became even more magnified with the pandemic and with the newborn.
NEUT21|I am completely open about my love of shopping and at times even materialism and what you don't always think when you're someone who you know loves to shop and loves.
NEUT22|These are shopping online that you could do that and just as easily be helping a young female entrepreneur or new female entrepreneur by making a little bit more of an informed choice, you can actually be lifting up.
NEUT23|Women who are starting their own businesses and I couldn't be where I am without the help of a woman who helped me when I was starting out.
NEUT24|So I'm like this is literally what a great thing to get behind.
NEUT25|The easiest way to help tell people is just to make more informed, informed decisions when you're shopping, and I think that a lot of times at least you know with my friends were often like deterred because they think like, OK, there's no one like me who can succeed in this business.
NEUT26|But the very thing that makes them different is what now makes them really exciting too.
NEUT27|Massive corporations you know who want to like throw their weight behind a company that doesn't look like other people's companies.
BULL28|While 2020 was indisputably one of the most challenging years on record for small businesses, Amazon says nearly all of the small and medium sized businesses that sell through its platform increased sales by more than 55% year over year.
NEUT29|It is very important that we own who we are, that we turn our imperfection into our assets.
BULL30|"Our vulnerability into our strength."""
