BULL0|"""Several of the stronger currencies against the US dollar in the past few months have been the Chinese won the euro and the British pound."
NEUT1|Interestingly, they have all been impacted by the COVID-19 virus, although in different ways.
BEAR2|The Chinese one are initially weakened during the early stages of the pandemic through until the end of May.
BULL3|From June onward, though, as it became apparent that China had made progress in controlling the spread of the virus, the economy came back strong in the currency started to gain strength from June through late September, the Chinese one had about a 6% gain against the US dollar.
BEAR4|The euro was initially weak against the US dollar when the pandemic began because Europe was hit with the virus before it came to the US.
BULL5|Then from a low point on March 20, the euro rose over 10% through the end of August versus the US dollar.
BEAR6|The Euro rally was halted, however not by a policy announcement or any new economic data remains, but halted the euro's.
BEAR7|Rise was the growing evidence of a second wave of the virus taking hold in Spain and France among other countries, and this was expected to negatively impact the economic rebound.
BEAR8|Like Euro Chinese woman in most currencies relative to the US dollar, the British pound was also initially weak, reaching its low point in the second half of March.
BEAR9|The pound rallied during the summer eclipse, that of the euro, but was capped in mid August in the case of the pound, there were two reasons for the rally's fault.
BEAR10|As with the Euro, a second wave of the virus started to appear in the UK and dampen the economic outlook.
BEAR11|Also, however, Brexit politics turned more controversial and the outlook for a negotiated exit deal with Europe became more cloudy.
BEAR12|While fundamental still matter, the bottom line is that the virus is still impacting FX markets.
NEUT13|Depending on whether the virus is coming or going an, it's the economic impact of the virus that makes this effect.
NEUT14|On FX.
NEUT15|"I'm Blue Putnam chief economist CME."""
