NEUT0|"""Cardano JDA supremo Charles Hoskinson claims that his project is poised to steal some of Athyrium S Thunder, with claims that more than 100 companies are in the pipeline and will shift to Cardano when the latter's functionality matures."
NEUT1|However, speaking to Bloomberg, he did not elaborate any further.
BEAR2|Meanwhile, Nick Carter, the co-founder of Coin Metrics and Partner at venture capital firm Castle Island Ventures, appeared wary of the claims.
NEUT3|Telling the same media outlet in July 2020, Hoskinson predicted that in a year there will be hundreds of assets running on Cardano, thousands of dapps, decentralized apps, tons of interesting projects, and lots of unique use and utility.
NEUT4|Back then, these claims were met with a grain of salt by industry observers also, popular dapp trackers such as dapp radar and app.com do not provide any information about Dapps on Cardano.
BULL5|Hoskinson, a former prime mover and the co-founder of the Ethereum Blockchain protocol, left the project after what the media has labeled a boardroom brawl in 2014, later setting up Cardano as a direct rival protocol and Hoskinson with a touch of braggadocio told Bloomberg that Cardano's blockchain security and governance protocols at Superior to Ethereum, meaning they could be used for digital voting and supply chain tracking purposes, and the networks JDA token has had a meteoric rise this year.
BEAR6|Currently sitting at #6 in the top ten tokens per market capitalization at the time of writing, 937 Coordinated Universal Time edier trades at 1 United States dollar and is down by 8% in a day and 12% in a week.
BEAR7|Trimming its monthly gains to less than 9%.
BEAR8|The price has skyrocketed by 3755% in a year.
NEUT9|The Cardono chief added that he doesn't know why Cardano's value has been in the ascendancy this year.
BULL10|And added that smart contract functionality was to roll out this year.
NEUT11|Ethereum developer Ryan Bergman's earlier this month told cryptonews.com that the JDA hype could simply be the result of crypto community members, thinking that Ethereum doesn't scale, and speculating that Cardano maybe the answer hoskinson's cause has been buoyed by some high profile supporters.
BULL12|However, with veteran rock star Gene Simmons of Kiss mounting a very public and very impassioned defense of the token last month.
NEUT13|___Learn more.
NEUT14|Ethereum developers on why they don't see Cardano and Binance chain as rivals.
BEAR15|Cardano's Hoskinson keeps bashing Ethereum as ATA outperforms at Cardano meets Marijas JDA still occupies third spot by market cap.
BULL16|"Cardono upgrades on its way to offer better tokenization than Ethereum."""
