NEUT0|"""Welcome back to 10X stocks like subscribe and let's get into latest NEO stock analysis and predictions January 10th in today's NEO stock analysis and predictions Nyo partnership with NVIDIA."
NEUT1|Let's get started.
BULL2|The electric vehicle manufacturer NIO, which grew over 1200% in the past 12 months, has just announced more good news.
BULL3|Nylan video announced today that the automaker has selected the Invidia Drive or in system on a chip for its new generation of electric vehicles, which will offer advanced automated driving capabilities.
BULL4|Neo is working to make consumer adoption of smart performance packed electric vehicles to widespread reality at Neo Day.
NEUT5|The company's annual customer event, the F Maker, revealed its video drive.
NEUT6|Orient powered supercomputer, dubbed Adam, which will first appear in the T7 sedan that will ship in China starting in 2022.
NEUT7|Autonomy and electrification, or the key forces transforming the automotive industry, said Jensen, Whine, Video founder and CEO.
BULL8|We are delighted to partner with NIO, a leader in the new energy Vehicle revolution, leveraging the power of AI to create the software defined F fleets of the future.
BULL9|The cooperation of Neo.
BULL10|NVIDIA will accelerate the development of autonomous driving on smart vehicles.
BULL11|Nios in-house developed autonomous driving algorithms will be running on for industry-leading video, or in processors delivering an unprecedented 1000 plus tops in production cars, said William Lee, founder, Chairman and CEO of Nioh, as the first of Niles electric vehicles to feature.
NEUT12|Bet 7 is a high performance vehicle that accelerates from zero to 100 kilometers and only three point 9 seconds.
BULL13|It also features a new 150 kW battery for extended mileage range.
BULL14|This is more amazing news for Neo stock and proves once again that Neo will make investors rich.
NEUT15|Does this mean Neo will skyrocket?
BULL16|Only time can tell, but this definitely looks promising.
BULL17|Hold long and strong blue skies are coming.
BULL18|Thanks for watching.
NEUT19|"Like subscribe and go watch my other videos."""
