BEAR0|"""The markets have turned a little weaker down now down by 626 points below fair value."
NEUT1|You think?
NEUT2|This is because what we've heard out of Europe today?
NEUT3|Yeah, I mean, I just think that there's going to be a call for lockdowns, the likes of which we've seen in Chicago, and I think that the lockdowns without the stimulus equals what we're seeing.
BULL4|An I think it's a shame, because had there been stimulus, we would then be focusing on earnings, and the earnings are actually pretty darn good, even if it means that some of my cut back to summer Barb.
NEUT5|Revenue growth, so it's almost impossible to avoid the European syndrome.
NEUT6|If Merkel's talking about closing bars and restaurants well, we're not going to do that here because we believe in a version of freedom that is not available anywhere else in the world.
NEUT7|But the the price to the freedom we have is exactly what Doctor Godley was talking about.
NEUT8|And that's the kind of thing where we do a state.
NEUT9|We do a stay in place voluntarily, which means that without being told or being paid to stay in place is going to continue to produce these numbers.
BEAR10|It's very hard to buy a lot of stocks when you see these numbers, and it's a shame too, because I think that with stimulus we'd be very tempted to take take a some don't.
BEAR11|Some of these stocks, but right now I think everyone is just fearful.
NEUT12|Glenn Hutchins just said that he thinks a lame duck Congress will be forced to act and do something in terms of stimulus.
NEUT13|You think that's the case that we actually get something done before Inauguration Day?
BULL14|Yeah, I think so.
NEUT15|I think that there will be a realization that it does matter in Washington about what's happening the rest of the country right now doesn't mean it's just theater.
BEAR16|But I think that when you see 40 million people laid off in hospitality within the next month, it's certainly realistic to expect that something get done.
NEUT17|I think we're going to return to the market where digitization still works and hygiene works and stay at home works an you can probably buy those stocks tomorrow, not today.
BEAR18|Today it's just the full blast off in Europe and people are trying to figure out health versus work.
NEUT19|It may be voluntarily because right now the statement of Washington is.
NEUT20|It's up to the States and so we've got a state like Wisconsin making its own decisions and Texas make its own decisions.
NEUT21|Florida making some decisions, and I think we all recognize that.
NEUT22|That the Founding Fathers actually discussed this and rule against exactly what's happening.
NEUT23|Then again, the Constitution's been kind of relevant for the last about four years.
NEUT24|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT25|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
