BEAR0|"""We are in the presence of the dreaded flat."
NEUT1|Yield curve.
NEUT2|Now, I'm aware that the concept of a yield curve is very counter intuitive and many people find it a little intimidating, so let me quickly go through what we mean by a yield curve.
NEUT3|Now each of these charts.
NEUT4|This axis is time, so we get further into the future as we go to the right, and this axis is the interest rate, so interest rates go up without charts moves upwards.
NEUT5|Now, a normally shaped yield curve is like this.
NEUT6|In other words, short term interest rates are low and then as you lend further into the future rates go higher.
BULL7|Obviously enough big 'cause the risks are going to be greater if you're lending further into the future.
NEUT8|Occasionally, however, you have more of a flat yield curve, which is what we have now when there is very little sense of differentiation in their rates, overtime, and every so often you have the dreaded inverted yield curve when near term rates actually.
BEAR9|Higher than long term rates, implying that people think the economy is going to slow down in future and so rates are going to have to come down now.
NEUT10|If you take a look at the yield curve over the last 25 years, this shows you the gap between.
NEUT11|10 and two year yields in the US Treasury market, you can see that there are only two periods in that whole quarter century when the yield curve has been inverted for any period of time and they came before the two big financial crises and recessions, the.com burst followed by the recession of the early 2000s, and then of course, before the great financial crisis and the Great Recession later in the 2000s.
NEUT12|Does that mean we should be worried that the yield curve is now?
BEAR13|As flat as it's been since early 2007, it's actually below 40 basis points for the first time since then.
NEUT14|Since we've heard from the Federal Reserve earlier this week, now arguably not if you take a look at this.
NEUT15|Here in the late 90s, just the era of the Clinton boom and of the Great Bull market in stocks that came beforethe.com bubble, you can see that the yield curve is pretty much as flat as it is now for several years.
BEAR16|That didn't stop people making an awful lot of money in the stock market and doing very well in the economy.
NEUT17|But I do think there is still reason for concern.
NEUT18|If you take a look at the way the curve has moved in the last three or four years, there is an inexorable steady move downwards as a flattening of the curve.
NEUT19|And ultimately I think that is becauses the investors are still ultimately preoccupied by the Fed.
BEAR20|"If the yield curve is flattening, that means that you think that the Fed is more likely to make a hawkish mistake raise rates too much in the near future, and then have to reverse course soon after that, particularly after we heard from the Fed earlier this week is Y people are as worried as they are about a flat yield curve."""
