NEUT0|"""Kelly bracing news for the White House from the Wall Street Journal, which just reported that special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington to investigate the links between the Trump campaign and Russia."
NEUT1|Now this is a broadening of the investigation from the one that he began when he was appointed by Rod Rosenstein, the acting attorney general.
NEUT2|There was a grand jury in Virginia that was probing Michael Flynn and his activities.
NEUT3|The fact that there is now a second grand jury in Washington, according to the Journal.
BEAR4|Indicates that the probe is getting serious.
BEAR5|It doesn't necessarily mean anyone will be indicted, but this is sure to sharpen the question of whether or not President Trump does intend to fire.
NEUT6|Robert Mueller.
NEUT7|This has been an open question.
BULL8|Some Republicans as well as Democrats in Congress are pushing legislation designed to protect Robert Mueller.
NEUT9|But we don't know where this is going, and we don't know what President Trump is going to decide to do.
NEUT10|We do know that he's expressed publicly.
BEAR11|His unhappiness with Attorney General Jeff Sessions for having recused himself.
NEUT12|From the Russia probe, which was one of the chain of events that led to Rosenstein appointing Robert Mueller, so significant news today from the Wall Street Journal about grand jury in Washington, assisting Robert Mueller in his investigation guys, it would.
NEUT13|It would seemingly John sort of ramp up.
NEUT14|The overall process in that it would give the power to subpoena to do, you know, widescale interviews or whatever the special counsel and the grand jury deemed were necessary within this investigation.
NEUT15|Exactly, and it's an indication that this probe isn't going away on its own anytime soon, and it suggests that multiple potential targets are being looked at, not just Michael Flynn.
NEUT16|So if you are one of the White House aides who've been linked to those meetings with Russians, whether it's Jerrod Kushner or Paul Manafort, who was the former campaign chairman or Donald Trump junior?
BULL17|Of course, the president's son, this is a significant sign.
NEUT18|That you ought to be concerned about where this is headed.
NEUT19|Hey there, thanks for checking out CNBC on YouTube.
NEUT20|Be sure to subscribe to stay up to date on all of the day's biggest stories.
NEUT21|You can also click on any of the videos around me to watch the latest from CNBC.
BULL22|"Thanks for watching."""
