NEUT0|"""Hi fools, I'm Dan Caplinger, Motley Fool contributor and I'm here today with our ask a Fool series where our readers ask us questions about the market."
BEAR1|Today we have a question from Pat Humphrey who asks is the market ripe for a large correction?
NEUT2|Now it's true.
BEAR3|We've seen a long bull market in stocks for more than four years since the 2008 and 2009 market meltdown during the financial crisis, and a lot of investors are worried that we're ready for correction.
BEAR4|It's true we haven't seen a Big Bear market for several years, and even a minimal correction of 10% has been hasn't happened nearly as often as it usually has in the past.
NEUT5|But one thing to consider very closely, Patten, for anybody else who's considering taking money off the table at this point.
NEUT6|Is to ask yourself, under what conditions are you going to get back into the market?
NEUT7|Now that's a very easy question to ask.
NEUT8|If the correction actually happens, because then you would say that you would just put the money back in at the lower price and basically save yourself from losses that you would have had.
NEUT9|But what more often happens is that you don't ever get the correction that you expect and instead you miss out on a lot of gains that you would have had people throughout the past four years.
BULL10|Have chosen points in the sand and said I've made enough in profits and it's unlikely that the stock market is going to move higher.
NEUT11|And yet the stock market has moved higher and so it really doesn't make sense to change your overall investment strategy based simply on where the market's level is now.
NEUT12|One thing that you can do to lock in part of your gains is to do what's called rebalancing Now as part of the normal process.
NEUT13|What happens in a usual portfolio is that as the stock market goes up.
NEUT14|Your portfolio gets more risky because it has more of its value in the high risk elements of stocks and other high risk investments, and so one thing you can do is to tempt back on the percentage of the money that you have in stocks.
NEUT15|Basically, sell a small percentage of your overall assets and reinvest that cash into safer investments, thereby reducing the overall risk in your portfolio and essentially locking in some of those gains so that if a correction happens you won't lose.
NEUT16|As much as you would have otherwise, making those sort of minor course corrections is a much better move than selling everything that you have and moving it to a stable value fund or a money market fund, or something else that isn't going to move at all.
BEAR17|Because if you're wrong, the stakes are just too high and you'll lose out on growth for too long of a period.
NEUT18|For more on investing and how to get started, be sure to stay tuned to fool com.
BULL19|"Thanks for watching and full on."""
