NEUT0|"""Retailers are have been trained for decades to have this kind of starting gun for the holiday season on Black Friday, and when the pandemic hit and it became very clear that this was not going to be anything like a normal holiday season that we've seen with kind of crowded shopping malls and long lines to see Santa, the whole industry started looking at how do we kind of move the start date back earlier so we can get more holiday shopping online and you know they were looking at there?"
NEUT1|Was there was this?
NEUT2|Kind of early buzz in the spring of how do we kind of get people to start shopping in October?
NEUT3|An Amazon stepped into the void, so I think you know really remains to be seen if this is going to be something that kind of solidifies in the future as the industry kind of pivots more digital and thinks more digitally for Holidays and beyond.
NEUT4|But it's it's kind of another one of those changes forced on business in the pandemic.
NEUT5|Let's talk about what Amazon's competitors are doing.
NEUT6|You have target hosting deal days.
NEUT7|You have retailers like Kohl's, JCPenney, even bed Bath, and beyond trying to push their promotions right now.
NEUT8|So is everybody jostling because they like the October timing?
NEUT9|They simply have to go up against Amazon.
NEUT10|What's the game plan here?
NEUT11|I mean, I think it's I think it's a little bit of everything.
NEUT12|I mean in some ways I think this.
NEUT13|This shows you know Amazon is a technological Marvel, it's this tech powerhouse.
NEUT14|But also let's remember it at its core.
NEUT15|It's a it's a retailer said was an online retailer and retailers love sales.
NEUT16|So and when when Amazon accounts for something like half of all online sales so when they have a big push, they really pulled the market with them and so there's part of this of, I think, the rest of the industry doesn't want to see the seed.
NEUT17|Anything else to Amazon?
NEUT18|And you know, if they see a good thing going, they've not afraid to jump on.
NEUT19|So that may be the case, but Amazon is kind of the big player and they're able to basically create their own Black Friday on whatever day they pick out of the air.
NEUT20|Do you think we're still going to have the traditional pattern of that last kind of five week run up before Christmas?
NEUT21|Because obviously everything from the way that FedEx hires people and manage is packages is going to be at stake with whether we experience that traditional shopping patterns.
NEUT22|Kind of seasonal seasonal pattern this year or not, right?
NEUT23|I think it's going to be a bit of a model.
BEAR24|I mean, I think they're definitely, I think, the muscle memory and the American consumer and the retail sector is too strong.
NEUT25|That black.
NEUT26|Friday is just something etched in the holiday and there's normally a lot of online shopping period on Black Friday Cyber Monday, so I think we'll see that there are constraints.
BEAR27|I think that I think will probably have less of that kind of extreme procrastination of ordering on December 22nd, but I still think that will still get a Black Friday.
NEUT28|You know, there's a bunch of things in the cadence might change as we get closer to the Holidays, the weekends become more important shopping times, and you know, that might kind of level out some with more people.
NEUT29|OK, but now Amazon's kind of jumping in early everybody's jumping in early, so we'll see how that plays out.
NEUT30|It's just it's a big question mark still.
NEUT31|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT32|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
