NEUT0|"""Among the ranks of asset classes, equities are usually last to leave a market party."
BEAR1|Now as the music fades and harsh Rays of light stream through the exit door, US and global investors face a dilemma.
BULL2|Some might well buy the dip in stock prices buoyed by a first quarter rebound in revenue and profit growth for many companies.
BEAR3|Others, however, will probably seriously reconsider their faith in Trump Flation's political risk with Brazil joining the fray on Thursday has assumed center stage for markets this at a time when there are cracks appearing in the global growth story.
BULL4|The bottom line for investors is that the chaos engulfing the current US administration significantly reduces the prospect of Donald Trump implementing sweeping tax cuts, tighter regulations and infrastructure spending that propels the economy into a much higher gear.
BEAR5|Now, disturbingly, this reset US fiscal expectation comes when other prime engine of global growth China has been clamping down on excess credit, triggering interbank lending, stress sliding, commodity prices, signal expectations of China's economy.
BEAR6|Easy after six months per through to the end of March together the loss of momentum from the US and China entails are potentially tougher.
NEUT7|Macroeconomic environment for global equity, credit and emerging markets this summer with investors in Brazilian markets.
BEAR8|One of this year's popularion destinations suddenly being punished, the risk of a broader pullback and risk appetite beckons in such an environment.
NEUT9|Investors tend to sell their winners to help cover losses from sinking leverage carry trades in this light, even Europe.
BEAR10|A big beneficiary of investor flows and a region that has outperformed the US this year looks vulnerable, and that's before the pain of a stronger euro pressuring corporate earnings fully registers.
BULL11|"Now beyond short term political noise, the risk of global reflation ebbing means that the days of high flying equity benchmarks and slumbering volatility looks dated after a rollicking ride since November even buys of the dip will want to see robust macroeconomic data before they resume pushing equity valuations ever higher."""
