NEUT0|"""Tord's about hacking and also right so that's that's part of the issue."
NEUT1|It's price manipulation is hacking its counterparty risk right?
NEUT2|And what's fascinating to me is when we had the launch of Bitcoin futures late last year, there was all this enthusiasm that it would become more institutional, more acceptable in Wall Street, and we do get dribs and drabs of news from the likes of Goldman Sachs, etc that they're getting more into the business.
BEAR3|But then you get these big setbacks as well that show it's not really becoming more intense, and we should note that while the price Bitcoin did go down pretty dramatically when the winklevii were, you know, not allowed to do their ETF price didn't move that much, so there's not a lot of surprises used to it.
NEUT4|So yeah, it's unfortunate that we have this failure, but I do feel like there is a silver lighting and you should be positive about it because they did mention that a lot of big names are working on this and it's not something that's going to happen overnight.
NEUT5|And if you've been following the channel, my prediction was that we would get this ETF by the end of the year, which you can still happen.
BULL6|I still feel like there is a possibility we can get news in October, November or December that will hopefully.
NEUT7|More positive and that's what will basically spur the bull market, but if it is pushed back to 2019 it's not a problem.
NEUT8|I'm buying these crypto assets as the market cap continues to dip and going in with the mindset that I'm going to be holding it for more than a year so, but the big names, you know, Goldman Sachs, the Winklevoss Twins.
NEUT9|That's what keeps me confident in crypto because these people are very smart.
NEUT10|They have a lot of money and they would not be putting all this time and energy.
NEUT11|Fighting with regulators to try to get this regulation cleared out if they didn't think there's a future.
NEUT12|So the main thing you want to tell my audience is to not panic, and there's no reason to sell your crypto assets at the bottom of the market.
NEUT13|So if you can, if you're an owner of crypto currencies, just be patient.
NEUT14|If you really do feel like you need a fire sell, you should do it once the market cap is at least gone up a little bit more, but I can't.
BULL15|Everyone what to do so you're free to do what you want to do, but I do see a recovery and if you look at this year long chart I do see us regaining the 2000 dollar $20,000 Bitcoin and surpassing that easily.
NEUT16|As long as these regulations are passed and it might be next year, but if possible we might still see a $20,000 Bitcoin by the end of the year.
NEUT17|But let me know your thoughts.
BEAR18|"Maybe I'm being a little too optimistic and I will talk to you guys soon."""
