NEUT0|"""On Tuesday, the Inter Work Alliance IWA formally launched operations as a platform, neutral nonprofit organization dedicated to creating the standards frameworks needed to increase innovation across token enabled ecosystems."
NEUT1|The new organization already has 36 members, including tech firms such as Accenture, IBM and Microsoft.
NEUT2|Banking and Exchange Firms, Inc, NASDAQ STX and UBS and blockchain companies digital asset.
NEUT3|Neil Global Development Hedera Hashgraph and our three companies want to be able to create token based business models without having a platform technology in mind for this approach to work.
NEUT4|Standards are urgently needed around defining what a token is and how its contractual behaviors will work, said Inter Work Alliance President Ron Resnick.
NEUT5|The Inter Work Alliance chairman Marley Gray, the principle architect for Microsoft, noted in his blog post the modern concept of tokenized value is not new.
NEUT6|It first came from the blockchain space and as unfortunately very often thought of in terms of cryptocurrency, due to the early Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchain networks, but it was pretty clear to us that there's no need to TIE tokens to blockchains, and that blockchain is really just the first step in what is a much larger, more ambitious approach to looking at how organizations work together.
NEUT7|I had the opportunity to ask Grace several questions to help inform my readers of what the intentions of the Inter Work Alliance are with respect to crypto and blockchain.
NEUT8|My three key takeaways were learning what Inter working is that the IWA seeks to standardize tokens and that the new term of 2020 for enterprise blockchain may now be multiparty systems.
NEUT9|Jason Brett.
NEUT10|What is a token?
NEUT11|Is it defined by cryptocurrencies?
NEUT12|Marley Gray.
NEUT13|While the term token has gone mainstream due to crypto currencies associated with the Bitcoin and Athyrium networks, a very important concept to remember as a token's value does not have to equate to something.
NEUT14|Financial like money or crypto currencies, rather a tokens value.
NEUT15|Can refer to any item, physical or digital.
NEUT16|Native or inventory unit or even a concept that moves across the supply chain to track progress.
NEUT17|The IWA will examine the digitization of tokens which includes the definition of their behaviors and characteristics.
NEUT18|This certainly includes the definition of cryptocurrencies but extends to include additional forms of token value.
NEUT19|Bitcoin and Ethereum are home to so many tokenized assets.
NEUT20|And it makes perfect sense for organizations operating in these spaces to join the IWA to help bring the benefits of standards back to these communities.
NEUT21|IWA already includes members who deliver tokenized products and services into the Ethereum space, and we welcome others to participate whenever they see fit.
NEUT22|Brett, what is interworking Gray?
NEUT23|"The IWA defines Inter working as the state or an instance of two or more things working with are being made to work with each other."""
