NEUT0|"""Hi, I'm Tom Gardner and I'm David Gardner were Co."
NEUT1|Founders of The Motley Fool last week.
NEUT2|Instead of our traditional April Fools joke at The Motley Fool, we decided to donate $1,000,000 to New York's COVID-19 Relief Fund to support healthcare workers on the front line of the pandemic and to provide medical supplies.
NEUT3|And we invited.
BULL4|You are foolish community to join us in supporting the fight to stop COVID-19 in New York or in your own community, and you responded just like we knew you would.
NEUT5|So today Tom and I wanted to say thank you.
NEUT6|Thank you to everyone who contributed and was a part of this.
NEUT7|We're still battling the virus together around the country and around the world, but everything we can do to help the epicenters in the hot spots really really matters.
BULL8|Thank you to donors across The Motley Fool community from 43 states around the country District of Columbia from Canada.
BULL9|Even a member from Austria contributing to the effort and thank you so much for being a part of this.
NEUT10|Many of you wrote in to share what you're doing in your own community.
NEUT11|People like Tom and his family in Chicago or Murph's family and Georgia, Chuck and Susan from Illinois who are furiously sewing masks.
NEUT12|Many of you have donated food to your local food banks and hospitals like Alan in Boulder, Diane and California.
NEUT13|Jake from Hawaii, marry from Miami and Steven from Massachusetts.
NEUT14|This fight isn't over.
NEUT15|We encourage everyone who can continue to find ways to help others, whether it's donating to New York.
NEUT16|In the Covid Relief Fund there, or getting active in your community in your hometown, in your state.
BULL17|Wherever there is a need, there is an opportunity for us as fools to help bend the curve of this virus and get our country back on track outside again and beyond this virus.
NEUT18|Thank you so much for being a part of this contribution and whatever we can all give now, it really matters in the weeks ahead and continue looking at incredible local organizations as well.
BULL19|We heard about the Lee initiative helping restaurant workers in Kentucky.
NEUT20|The COVID-19 Clinic, recently established by the Desert AIDS Project in California, also Amira in New England, serving survivors of human trafficking and, of course, Samaritan's Purse, which rapidly stood up and staff to Field Hospital in the middle of Central Park.
NEUT21|It's in times like these that you truly understand the power of our full community to not only support each other as investors, but as human beings.
BULL22|Together, we're fulfilling the Motley Fool's purpose to make the world smarter, happier and richer.
BULL23|Thank you so much.
BULL24|Thank you for everything you're doing, including staying inside, being safe with your family, safe in your community, and contributing as you can to all of the great organizations and individuals that are doing their part.
BULL25|And thank you to all the health care workers and everyone on the front lines as we work to end this global pandemic.
NEUT26|Thank you for being a fool.
BULL27|"Best wishes to you and your family and Foulon."""
