NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, December 14th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, an iOS battery swap will become standard.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
NEUT3|Currently, NIO is at the forefront of battery swap technology.
NEUT4|So much so China is thinking to make battery swap a standard within the country.
BULL5|Battery swap pilot areas of China's include Hainan in Beijing on November 26th, an agreement between an Iowan.
NEUT6|The government will set up a battery, swap grids all over the country, according to Shanghai News.
BULL7|With the rapid development of battery technology in recent years, the battery swap model has gained the trust of society and will be a unified standard.
NEUT8|But and technology chairman Neil Young believes that charging is like using a landline phone.
NEUT9|Although it exists, the use of it will eventually be reduced.
NEUT10|Battery swap is like using a cell phone.
NEUT11|More and more users will choose it in the future.
NEUT12|At present, China's new energy vehicle battery swap mode is mainly used in the field of public transportation such as battery, swap, bus and battery swap.
NEUT13|Taxi in August are recommended national standard for electric vehicle battery swap safety requirements led by NIO passed the review.
NEUT14|By the National Technical Committee of Auto Standardization, the standard takes the whole car, battery, swap system, battery pack, battery, swap mechanism, battery swap interface, and other key elements.
NEUT15|Is the object of standardization.
NEUT16|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT17|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT18|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT19|Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL20|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT21|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT22|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
