NEUT0|"""What's up YouTube?"
NEUT1|While she goes back in again for their stock episode for you guys, there we talk about Apple.
BULL2|Apple is a long term hold that we're investing in right now that have like a 2X potential, and in the next coming years we see being a very good stock in with little downside as well because it is a big tech company.
BEAR3|We don't see it decreasing at all that much.
NEUT4|So as you can see on Robin here, has a 70% analysts rate by if we Scroll down it has a 23% hold as well and only 8% are recommending a sell out of 40 ratings which is pretty good.
BULL5|And there's also a bunch of catalysts coming up for Apple as well as well, if you Scroll down again down here, the earnings are expected on January 27th after hours, so that could be a huge catalyst bumping up just a little bit in the short run.
NEUT6|But then again in the long run we are looking for a 2X potential in Apple.
NEUT7|So if you go over to the next website here, there are 30 analysts on CNN offering their price forecast for Apple and their high is 160 median of 140 and then a low 74.10.
BULL8|So I don't see it actually heading up this low of 74.10 because it is a big tech company and I see actually growing in the next two years even higher than 160, possibly 2X in the future.
BEAR9|So their earnings per share for their earnings this year like coming out after hours on the 27th is 1.41 and then is predicted on their earn 1.39 so this will blow their earnings out of the water if they do get any higher than 1.39.
NEUT10|So on the next website we have Jim Cramer here and he reacts to the Apple car rumors.
NEUT11|As you can see here Apple Car is rumors going around that they're going to team up with Honda to make an Apple car.
BULL12|That will be an extreme boost.
NEUT13|Their stock price as you can see here some quotes from Jim Cramer from this article.
NEUT14|Is that an electrical view merely gives you another reason to own Apple, not just trade it.
NEUT15|And then he also says hopefully everyone will forget the story tomorrow and the stock will sell out giving you another chance to buy into this stock, which is what we had happened today in the pre market dip down.
NEUT16|About a dollar so and I was able to get in at that time and for his last call he says we know Apple likes to disrupt big end markets and it doesn't get any bigger than the auto industry, he said.
BULL17|So he thinks that appellent Honda when they team up we will compete with Tesla for their electric cars.
NEUT18|So one last quote from Jim Cranor in this article is that he says Imagine if there were cows beyond the subscription revenue stream.
NEUT19|If Apple is really working on electric car, the upside would be it could be enormous, which is what I think it's coming at.
BULL20|It says that rumors say that will be out in 2025, but I think even before then will be able to see a 2X potential from Apple.
BEAR21|And with Apple products, they're going to keep blowing their earnings out of proportion.
NEUT22|As we know, Apple has their expensive items that people keep coming back to buy, and with them coming out with new products every year, I do see them going in the near future.
NEUT23|So if you guys did enjoy this video, make sure guys go down below.
NEUT24|Make sure you subscribe.
NEUT25|Hit that Bell, get notified whenever we post.
NEUT26|Make sure he's coming down below.
NEUT27|If you guys want me to review any other stocks for you guys and also in the description below, we have our private Discord group.
NEUT28|We send notifications when we buy and sell every stock, as long as our thesis is for every stock that we get into.
BULL29|You also get access to our full portfolio, so I hope you guys can go down below and join that.
BULL30|That would be really beneficial to you guys.
NEUT31|"Yeah, I'll see you guys the next one."""
