NEUT0|"""Zillow currently has a price of 15.8 cents."
BULL1|It's retesting its all time high from just a few weeks ago, and I believe that it's going to be able to breakthrough this level and the current price range will become the new support.
BULL2|It's already doubled in value since the beginning of the year, and I believe that it will be heading higher.
NEUT3|We're going to be setting a price target a bit later on guys, but first will you be able to have your own pure gold statue if you invest in silica in 2021?
NEUT4|In this video, we're going to be setting a price target and we'll be discussing the fundamentals.
NEUT5|Zika has a market cap of 1.8 billion at 24 hour trading volume of 864 million.
NEUT6|Circulating supply of 11.7 billion and the maximum supply of 21 billion.
NEUT7|Zilla Kaiser Smart contract platform and it was the first cryptocurrency to use sharding technology and the vision of silica is to have a decentralized app platform that is scalable and secure.
NEUT8|Angelica developed their own smart contract language called Seller, which is the first peer reviewed.
NEUT9|Smart contract programming language and their application of sharding allows silica to scale in a linear fashion, and something which is quite interesting is that silica mining is quite ecofriendly.
NEUT10|Mine exelica only needs one minute out of every two hours, so if you have a mining rig you can mine other blockchains at the same time and you can also get staking rewards if you hold silica and we're going to get to that a bit later on.
NEUT11|OK guys, if you love crypto make sure to drop a like and comment down below.
NEUT12|Hold silica in your wallet or if you're about to buy some.
NEUT13|And safety is the number one priority of the silica platform and they've got very low gas fees on the network.
NEUT14|We see that it costs very small fractions of a cent for a transaction and the confirmation time for transactions is also very quick.
NEUT15|Still, as the smart contract language specifically designed for Silica and Scylla is rooted in science since it's created by academics and this peer reviewed, it identifies security risks since it has an automated scanner to detect security vulnerabilities.
NEUT16|It has a mathematical proof of safety and makes it easier to write safe smart contracts.
NEUT17|And Silica has an ecosystem of partners and has a few decentralized apps that have been built on the Silicon Network and you have quite a selection of operators with whom to stick your silica.
NEUT18|OK guys, we're going to get to our price target in a moment, so make sure to continue watching getting to the White paper.
NEUT19|We see that Silica follows a dataflow programming style and this is quite cool because it allows complex computations that allow training of neural networks and financial modeling.
BULL20|Getting back to the chart, I believe silica is an interesting project as a decentralized platform.
BULL21|I will if it has some more room to grow.
BULL22|However, I'd like Silica to have more collaborations and I'd like to see is Erica have more deaths.
NEUT23|Build on its platform.
BULL24|"In spite of this, I believe that more growth is possible for silica and given all of this and its current market cap, I believe that a market cap of 10 billion U.S. dollars is achievable during the peak of this altcoin cycle and that would give us a 5.5 X and price and the price target of $0.88."""
