NEUT0|"""Right now, actually, if we think about Covid, Beneficiarii plays and this is outside of our immediate coverage."
NEUT1|But Pallata Impella times actually using a similar disruption method that Netflix use disrupt the 100,000,000 pay TV ecosystem by taking over the OR by leveraging the structural tailwind and changing.
NEUT2|That's going on in the fitness industry right now, so we prefer Palatine with a million subscribers or connected fitness subscribers versus Netflix.
NEUT3|Has, you know, almost 200,000,000 globally, so it's different parts of their growth curve but within media.
BULL4|We prefer Disney and we think that this reorganization is a positive.
BULL5|It's better aligning the organizational structure with the goals and opportunity for the company rather than the legacy infrastructure, and we're excited by the Investor Day that's coming up December 10th.
NEUT6|We should get updated Disney Plus targets.
NEUT7|We should get start targets.
BULL8|Importantly, we're looking for road map for the next 100,000,000 subscribers, which will narrow that gap with Netflix.
NEUT9|So let me stay on this Disney point that you're making saying it is your preference in the media landscape there was a Moffett Nathanson note today that said, there's higher potential churn coming for Disney and Apple plus than you would have expected.
BEAR10|Specifically, 18% of users at Disney Plus said they didn't plan to renew after their free trial ended.
NEUT11|You concerned about churn.
BULL12|Yeah, and one of the things that's certainly going to be helping charges more content hitting the service.
NEUT13|So we recently had Mulan.
NEUT14|We're going to have soul coming out Christmas then.
BULL15|Also all the Marvel TV series are going to be hitting next year too, so I think that the increase in.
BULL16|Also I should mention the Mandalorian which is hitting later on this month so the increasing content I think should certainly help turn, but everything we've seen is that Netflix is a leadership or a leader and low churn and but Netflix is already at 60 million subscribers in the US and were wondering.
NEUT17|If you don't have Netflix now, when are you going to get it and Reed Hastings outlined about a decade ago getting to 60 to 90 million subscribers in the US?
NEUT18|And why that's significant is that if we end up at that 60 million mark versus the 90, it has significant implications of what your terminal penetration rate should be in other regions, sure.
NEUT19|I still think it's fascinating.
NEUT20|I want to make sure that our audience caught that.
NEUT21|Your preference in streaming in general is peloton over Netflix and Peloton is it normally even mentioned as a streaming player?
NEUT22|But obviously these workout videos are a big part of its success and appeal, so let's go back to Netflix and why that doesn't rank higher for you.
NEUT23|Is it because of penetration?
BEAR24|Is it because growth is stalling out?
NEUT25|Do you see just a landscape where people sign up for other content offerings now that they're proliferating?
NEUT26|Yeah, so Netflix is is obviously a great company, but when I look at the stock I look at this stock that's trading at near A5 year high on me.
BULL27|The Revs and looking at a next 12 month growth outlook of mid to high teens which is the lowest it's been in quite some time so I think the market is already pricing in a large successful price increase and that price increase which cause US subscribers to go backwards last year is going to be a lot harder this year given the macroeconomic backdrop and then also.
BULL28|Lower price streaming competition.
NEUT29|With you know things like Disney plus out there now, which is it wasn't the case last year.
NEUT30|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT31|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
