BULL0|"""The US Treasury issued over $3 trillion in new debt securities in the first half of 2020 as the economy real from the pandemic."
NEUT1|Who is buying all that debt?
NEUT2|Why does it matter who the buyers are?
NEUT3|The largest buyers were private investors, which includes asset managers and hedge funds, both domestic and international, who took up almost 1.8 trillion of the debt.
NEUT4|The close second was the US Federal Reserve, which bought almost 1.6 trillion or the new debt, or 46%.
NEUT5|Interesting Lee central banks around the world who holds trillions of dollars of US Treasurys in their foreign reserve portfolios were not involved in buying U.S. Treasury securities in the first half of 2020.
NEUT6|Now, why does it matter who buys the debt of the best treasure?
NEUT7|If the Fed had not stepped up to the plate and bought almost half of the new Treasury debt issuance?
BEAR8|Most economists would argue that the massive new supply would have overwhelmed demand and lead to lower prices and higher yields.
BULL9|The lower yields on Treasury securities have supported a very strong equity market rally by reducing competition from fixed income and encouraging a search for yield and more risk taking.
BULL10|Even in these uncertain times.
NEUT11|Historical inflation is our guide.
BEAR12|the Fed possibly lowered 10 year Treasury yields by 1/2 of a percent.
BEAR13|If we look at the performance of inflation sensitive markets such as the Gold rally in the US dollar depreciation, they're sending signals of rising long term US inflation expectations, and it is possible that yields might have been another 1% or 1 1/2 percent higher than indicated by using historical inflation as the guy.
NEUT14|Expanding on this thought, we notice that the price signals from the Treasury yield curve are now a complicated combination of Fed policy and investor demand.
BULL15|That is, the degree of monetary policy easing may be under estimated by the youker, yet still fully appreciated in reflected in the inflation.
NEUT16|Sensitive, bold and U.S. dollar markets.
BEAR17|The bottom line here is that in the US the Fusion of monetary and fiscal policy, which is a tacit embrace of modern monetary theory, may be leading to increases and long term US inflation expectations that are reflected in rising gold prices in a weaker U.S. dollar.
NEUT18|But are not reflected in the Treasury security prices or the yield curve.
NEUT19|"I'm Blue Putnam chief economist, CME Group."""
