NEUT0|"""A lot of the."
NEUT1|Talks surrounding this national security law are not new.
NEUT2|In fact, the origins of the national security law date back to 1992 and the Hong Kong government had intended to amend its basic law by introducing Article 23, which is the national security Law in 2003 and failed because of a mass protest on July 1st.
BEAR3|So this is part of a long, ongoing source of potential tensions between Mainland and Hong Kong to introduce its national security law.
NEUT4|However, in the context of an upcoming election in Legco.
NEUT5|China might have felt the sense of urgency.
NEUT6|Try to implement the threat that the national security law now this innocence.
BULL7|Could be seen by investors as a step to further sort of dent their independence from Hong Kong.
BEAR8|But on a practical from a practical standpoint and if you look at the impact that it will have on trade and investment, we think that that will be fairly muted because a lot of Hong Kong exporters are already struggling massively from the US.
NEUT9|Tariffs on Chinese goods that were imposed last year.
BULL10|The region is a re exporting hub, which means that Chinese exports flow via Hong Kong to other parts of the world.
NEUT11|Approximately 10% of those flow to the US.
NEUT12|But these are subject to tariffs because the port of origination is China, so in that sense nothing is going to change on the trade front because the domestic exports are a minute amount compared to all of the Chinese re exports of flow by the city and from an investment side.
NEUT13|We don't think that the law is the nuclear option that some of the analysts have been more hawkish have been touting so far because it doesn't really change much overnight.
NEUT14|Right, but when we look at social, economic, political models in countries worldwide, specially in this case, you know with what's happening in the US, what's happening in Hong Kong right now, it puts a spotlight on how rising social unrest, if they persist, can have deep implications for the economy.
NEUT15|An add to that if you are staring at impending elections and political uncertainty, then that just adds to the confusion.
BEAR16|There is in terms of productivity gains being compromised.
NEUT17|Would you not see Hong Kong?
NEUT18|Facing a brand of these challenges.
NEUT19|That is absolutely right.
NEUT20|So we think that the law is not a direct threat or is not the nuclear option yet.
NEUT21|However, that doesn't mean that it will not have impacts on the economy.
BEAR22|In fact, Hong Kong's economy is quite unprecedented because they're facing a triple whammy of protracted protests of almost 12 months now.
BEAR23|They're also suffering from, of course, the impact of the US, China Trade War.
NEUT24|Tariffs on the re exporting sector and the impact of coronavirus, which is similar to all the other markets in the world.
BEAR25|So investors have been contending.
BEAR26|With negative returns in the territory for well over a year, and the fact that this national security is going to instigate additional social tensions means that you know there's no end insight to this downside pressure on the on the Hong Kong economy and that might trigger some outflows, because because of what we're saying that the economy is not in good shape.
BEAR27|"Because of this triple whammy of factors that are quite specific to Hong Kong."""
