BEAR0|"""Thank you for staying with Republicans social Summit and, well, the markets that have opened in the red once again over coronavirus concerns earlier in the morning, Sensex hit a 38 month low when it tanked over 1800 points."
BULL1|As of now, the markets that have recovered a little bit but continue to remain volatile.
NEUT2|I also want to welcome our guest.
NEUT3|Mr Yoginder Kapoor, who's an economist?
NEUT4|He's joining us live on this broadcast.
BULL5|Mr Kapoor first step, slight recovery.
NEUT6|But uncertainity that still continues a matter of concern, your reaction.
NEUT7|Absolutely you see right now we have to understand that this is an extraordinary situation that the government and the industry is facing.
BEAR8|This is a time when all, whether it is a central government, whether it is the state government, whether it is the Reserve Bank of India, they have to stand with the industry and as well as with the general public, we have to understand that the business sentiment is going down.
BEAR9|The demand is going down.
NEUT10|And this is very well understood and also being recognized by the people who are investing in the stock market so.
NEUT11|Stock market in itself is a matter of stock market runs on sentiments.
BEAR12|So we have to understand that right now the business confidence level is going down.
NEUT13|People can see that the time for recovery is going to take.
NEUT14|It can take a very long time also.
NEUT15|So there is panic in the market and I think the need of the hour is that the central government, the state government and RBI need to announce stimulus measures in different ways which they can do so.
NEUT16|And as we can see is the phenomena that is also taking place worldwide at the moment.
NEUT17|So I think the need of the hour is that they need to announce stimulus measures in the best possible way they can and I think that is the need of the hour.
NEUT18|Under Mr. Kapoor, before we let you go one quick question, what can we do at our end?
NEUT19|How can panic be reduced at this point?
NEUT20|Because like you are also saying that recovery can take a long time.
NEUT21|The situation that still continues to remain ambiguous.
NEUT22|No clear answers coming in anything that can be done.
NEUT23|See so far as the businesses are concerned, I think it is a time where they need to understand that it is important that it is not the return on capital that is important for them.
NEUT24|It is the return of their capital whatever they intend to invest, whether in the stock market or in their own businesses.
NEUT25|Because you see, this is a time that where they need to take a very very calculated risk.
BEAR26|Knowing fully well that the demand is going down and in that situation it is important they need to, you know.
NEUT27|Adopt A policy of wait and watch and not take any history decisions, because ultimately it will affect them and it can take a very long time for recovery.
BULL28|So my suggestion is that the industry should take very, very calculated risk at the moment and they should see how the general sentiment is improving.
NEUT29|At the same time I think it's also important that the government, whether the centre or the state government they need to act fast so that there is a clarity among the business as well that the government stands by them.
BULL30|"And it's helping them out in this need of the."""
