NEUT0|"""Hello Future Millionaires the stock will be discussing today is poverty."
NEUT1|Dignified ticker symbol PVG currently sitting at 0.064 for those of you who are unfamiliar with this stock.
NEUT2|PVG is a diversified company with ownership of Sun Ovens, a company that decades ago pioneered solar oven technology and produces markets and sells solar ovens accessories.
NEUT3|In 2020, PVG acquired the registered brand, where exactly, along with other related intellectual property.
BULL4|Moon and developed by marketing expert, Patrick netted the wide exit brand pioneers innovative, effective, ethical and safe products within the antiviral space.
NEUT5|So let's read a little bit about the sun ovens virex it and also during 2020, PVD purchased Safer Place technologies, so let's read a little bit about all of these things.
NEUT6|Here is the son of in that BVG owns an.
NEUT7|These are the things they sell sun oven can bake and boil steam food so you can cook anything you cook on your stovetop.
NEUT8|Or in your regular oven, with the exception of fried foods, just with the power of the sun, the all American sun oven folds up and carries like a suitcase, and they set it up.
NEUT9|Takes that sounds interesting.
NEUT10|Now let's read about White exit.
NEUT11|What do they do?
BULL12|They are working to help create a safer and healthier worldwide exit.
BULL13|Antiviral technologies is United States based and provides innovative, ethical and effective technologies within the antiviral space.
NEUT14|They have many products now coming to safer place technologies.
NEUT15|This is their website.
BULL16|Safeplace Technologies has aggregated 14 plus products and services designed to detect and sanitize facilities from a variety of viruses and microbes.
NEUT17|Find a website for poverty dignified here.
NEUT18|They said.
NEUT19|The updated website can be found at this on August 30th, 2019, but when I clicked on that website it's it's not functioning so I couldn't find anything on that, but I found some tweets where they said they went pink current around Feb 26 and here are some of their.
NEUT20|Leads our team this week will be filing with Kendra for our name change and symbol change to white exit technologies and we have three symbol possibilities.
NEUT21|So this might be a catalyst coming up if you want to know more about it, you can follow this now coming to their quarterly report reported on November 30th.
NEUT22|I would like to bring your attention to total current assets from August to November.
BEAR23|They decreased by around 80,000 and let's look at total assets, so even that decreased and total liabilities, they increased by 100,000.
BEAR24|So the assets decrease an liabilities increase which is.
BULL25|Not a good sign and if you see the revenue increased here from 2019 to 2020 and the gross profit increased drastically almost five times and expenses.
BEAR26|Net operating loss, even that increase but not as much as a gross profit here and total expenses are expenses decreased, so net loss is decreasing, which is a good sign.
NEUT27|Please do your own due diligence before investing in it or putting it even on your watch list.
NEUT28|I'm not a financial advisor.
BULL29|"Thank you."""
