NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this."
NEUT1|Be a video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple.
NEUT2|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame for not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR4|Well, a very rough day on this one.
NEUT5|Although to be fair, the overall markets had a rough day, so it's not like the markets were booming and then here Apple was, you know, behaving how it did, but nonetheless definitely a lot of eyeballs will be watching it moving forward.
NEUT6|And in my mind there's really 2 main levels that stand out in the first level here is that key level of support which sits down here right at the one 1850 Mark.
NEUT7|If you go through the track record of the chart you can see that there's been a couple of times where the price you know has tested it and you know the price down.
BULL8|A good job of holding up above it.
NEUT9|There from several days ago and then mid afternoon right there was tested.
BULL10|So a lot of people will be keeping an eye on that and that is definitely going to be, you know, a very important level of support to watch moving forward.
NEUT11|So keep a close eye on that area so that will be the main area of support and then on the flip side of things as far as areas of resistance are concerned, I'm now very curious.
BEAR12|You know how annoying is that purple line going to get?
NEUT13|Maybe it won't get annoying at all, but that is the 50.
NEUT14|Moving average.
NEUT15|And even if you have a basic surface deep understanding of charts, I'm sure you've heard that 50.
NEUT16|Moving average and you know that when the price gets down below it.
NEUT17|It tends to act as resistance, as you can see right here, a couple bits of annoying.
NEUT18|Dynamics here in the past, so again, I'm not saying that it's going to become a super annoying, but yeah, I don't think I would be surprised by it either.
NEUT19|So keep an eye on that from the overall area of resistance, but given that the price is much closer to this one 1850 mark, I would say that's a more important level.
BEAR20|Just because that level is much closer to being threatened, potentially broken down below.
NEUT21|But let's see if the price can actually maintain above 118 fifty or not.
NEUT22|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT23|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event.
NEUT24|Whatever you want to call it, but it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL25|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT26|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT27|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
BEAR28|But in a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT29|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT30|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT31|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT32|That is, again, totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT33|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT34|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT35|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT36|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
