NEUT0|"""Going into the year 2021, the path of the virus appears to be a primary driver of oil prices, relegating some important fundamentals to a secondary role."
BEAR1|US shale production may shrink further in 2021, so long as WTI crude oil prices hover in the $40 per barrel range.
BULL2|Libyan and Iranian production is increasing.
BULL3|Saudi Arabia and Russia are maintaining production discipline.
NEUT4|All these are critical supply factors to consider.
NEUT5|But the primary driver for oil in 2021 may well be the path of the virus and how it influences the transportation industry, especially airlines.
BEAR6|Jet Fuel is a meaningful component of oil demand and its refined state and airline travel remains severely constrained in countries where the virus has not been well contained.
BEAR7|In the US, is 2020 closes another wave of the virus appears to be keeping domestic travel demand severely dampened the number of passengers flowing through TSA security checkpoints each day has flatlines at levels about 60% below pre pandemic numbers pictures the same in Europe, where travel among countries is highly constrained.
NEUT8|China is the only outlier.
NEUT9|The virus hit China first.
BULL10|However, China was also the first country to make solid progress in containing the spread of the virus.
BULL11|Chinese domestic air travel is now almost 90% back to pre pandemic levels.
BEAR12|Now of course international air travel has not started to recover anywhere as most countries still impose quarantine restrictions on arriving passengers and there are very few flights anywhere, even when a vaccine arrives in.
BULL13|Progress is are made globally.
NEUT14|Containing the virus business travel may take years to recover from pre pandemic levels work from home and virtual meetings have taken over the business world.
BEAR15|Companies are planning for considerably less business travel than in the pre pandemic world.
NEUT16|Even when health fears recede and travel restrictions disappear.
BEAR17|The collision of the viruses influence on demand with complex supply fundamentals may make for a volatile year for oil prices.
NEUT18|"Path of the virus may determine the broad trend up or down from a demand perspective, while ebbs and flows on the supply side may cause some surprises and may generate substantial noise, I'm blue Putnam, chief economist CME."""
