BULL0|"""This stock, I mean before the split, was up with 1000%."
BEAR1|When you adjust for the split and still on fire today, although it's down a bit in the pre market before you know they talked about the looting the shares with more shares it was up.
NEUT2|It was a big time yeah and it's it's hard to see what it's up on right?
NEUT3|I mean we saw the run up to the stock split.
NEUT4|We had a guest on last week.
NEUT5|Tasha Keaney, who's made a call for Tesla, shares to hit $7000 by 2024 so 2000.
NEUT6|2423 so so we've got sort of a few years to get there, but it is really incredible to see the run up.
NEUT7|There certainly seems to be a lot of expectation riding on Battery Day coming up in September, and the expectation that Tesla will just obviously be a manufacturer, but a supplier as well, which would really put it in a strong position for the company as it looks to seek other drivers of revenue moving forward and to jump on akiko's point there, I think that yes, the fundamentals of this company when we talk about Battery Day when we talk about.
NEUT8|What their sales numbers look like in China will be important, but I think when we talk about the here and now, the stock split is a largely financial concept.
NEUT9|Here there's nothing about splitting a stock that changes the fundamental makeup of the company.
NEUT10|An as of a point of split, there is no change in the market cap of the company.
NEUT11|I think that's really important for people watching this segment.
NEUT12|Thinking about, maybe investing or what to do with their stock in Tesla to remember.
NEUT13|So when they do a stock split, this is just increasing the amount of float and then changing the amount of I guess value per share because of that split so.
BULL14|I think though what we need to glean is that it is a sign of confidence from their financial team.
NEUT15|When a CFO and a team in a company, whether or not it's Tesla or Apple or any other company, they're signaling to the market, we feel confident in spending our stock because there's enough demand for it.
BULL16|And that's why the stock price likely went up yesterday.
NEUT17|Whether or not that's a long term story will then have to fold in those fundamental narratives about what did their sales numbers look like for the units.
NEUT18|What is the resiliency of their battery technology, and how can they scale up their company?
NEUT19|In many markets around the world going forward?
NEUT20|And Adam, I guess, to broaden this out a bit, you know when we talked when we first got that announcement on the stock splits from Apple as well as tests that we were talking about how the fundamentals don't change.
NEUT21|This plus stock splits are rare, but when you look at just how much these stocks have gone up, I mean you do have to ask the question whether other companies are looking at doing the same.
NEUT22|There's there's a number of names that have been floated around, like a Chipotle.
NEUT23|These stocks that trade above $1000 a share, but that's going to be, I think, an interesting conversation to watch 'cause they do wonder whether the case for a split his.
BEAR24|"Has changed or weather the view of how these companies see it has actually changed the result of what we've seen over the last month."""
