BULL0|"""Right, this was a good number."
BULL1|We got better than expected news.
NEUT2|I think, particularly on capital spending and on government spending.
BULL3|Now we should keep in mind there were a few factors here that are going to fade so you did get big support from inventories which will probably pay back a little bit in the second quarter and some of the news on trade is a little noisy as well.
BULL4|That said, I do think what we saw today combined with what we saw earlier this week in terms of things like durable goods orders, suggests that you know underlying domestic demand looks pretty well supported here, so I think overall the picture.
BULL5|Is positive and like I said, we get.
NEUT6|We did get a headline beat on the number today and yes there are some you know funny business under the headline.
BULL7|But overall I think the news we got today in the news we got this week has been good for growth not only last quarter but this quarter as well.
BEAR8|Mike Santoli, I mean fair to say some big earnings stock movers confusing the overall picture today for markets.
NEUT9|But the bond market reacting more to that GDP print an inflation than the equity market.
BEAR10|The slippage in the inflation readings that are definitely got yields lower credit markets.
BULL11|Or, you know, rallying nicely.
BEAR12|So it seems like this loose financial conditions stories their earnings in aggregate have held up fine because estimates were so slashed to the bone, and I think that's a net positive, though since the beginning of earnings season, if you go back two weeks.
NEUT13|The S&P is up about a percent and a half, so coming into earnings season, the market was essentially saying look will give a pass for possible soft first quarter for economic growth.
NEUT14|And really, when the earnings are coming in week, it has been global at conditions for the most part that has been the cause.
NEUT15|If you looked at 3:00 AM, obviously Intel kind of a specific thing to semis, but it's much more of a global picture than the US consumer.
NEUT16|For example, I mean, Mike Feroli.
NEUT17|Is it too simplistic to say the economic data is coming in better than expected?
BULL18|The earnings are coming in better than expected and that's why stocks are making new highs.
BULL19|Yeah, I mean right now that combined with the fact that the Fed is clearly on hold and not going to be hiking rates for a very long time, I think sets up for a pretty favorable picture.
BULL20|And as the other Mike noted, the global story is improving.
BULL21|I think at the edges here certainly got better news out of China, but I think more broadly we're feeling like things are stabilizing globally and the domestic picture.
BEAR22|"We don't see a lot of storm clouds on the horizon, so not much to complain about here."""
