NEUT0|"""It's calling this via video chart on ticker symbol AMC."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, overall just a totally neutral day.
NEUT5|Nothing big, nothing bad, just the price is consolidating.
NEUT6|We did get another little data point here that makes the level that I've talked about previously just that much more attractive and this will be a little bit more of those you that watch a video from Monday.
NEUT7|But I talked about that red line.
NEUT8|There had been an area of resistance and check it out, opening 30 minutes of the day look right where the price got rejected right at that red line.
NEUT9|So I mean the power of charts and that's just yet another datapoint that's going to have that many more of the breakout players watching.
NEUT10|Wondering, you know, can the price actually get back above that area of resistance?
NEUT11|And as I mentioned previously, and I'm going to mention again when there are lots of people watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want, it can certainly produce some very dynamic movements, and that's what we have here.
NEUT12|We you know it's a situation where if the price gets up there and breaks up through it, it is not irrational at all to think you know what that break could very well create a whole lot of more upwards buying pressure, so you're going to have a lot of eyeballs watching that area right up there, around $9 an.
NEUT13|Are the 40 cent area give or take and then as far as areas of support $8.50 give or take down there the bottom part of the channel which wasn't really even threatened today.
NEUT14|So from that point of view right now, just a sideways day kind of little channel here that certain form.
NEUT15|So at this point you know that's just the big question mark.
NEUT16|Going forward is who is ultimately going to win out?
NEUT17|Are the Bulls going out with the break to the upside of the pattern or the bear is going to win out with a breakdown of the downside of the pattern that all remains to be seen.
NEUT18|But let's see how this one continues to play out on Wednesday.
NEUT19|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT20|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT21|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL22|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT23|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT24|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT25|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR26|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT27|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT28|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT29|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT30|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT31|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT32|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT33|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT34|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
