NEUT0|"""Hey guys, and welcome to today's video and today I've got four more key matchup prediction for you guys."
NEUT1|So before I get into these if you want to see more of these videos on my channel much do drop like on it hit five likes.
BULL2|I'll be much appreciated.
NEUT3|Also subscribe if you are new as well so the four fixtures we do offer this weekend and this is the weekend which is going to be the 23rd of December.
NEUT4|So basically the weekend at Christmas is on so there's not many games being played but these are the four games that should probably be in it because it is most likely to.
NEUT5|But yeah, anyway, the Super cope.
NEUT6|I think it's called where you ventis play Inter Milan and these these plays very cheap like 405 fifty so invested in this left winger 'cause he's got his funk away.
NEUT7|She's got like a weird nation to be in Syria and we picked up this Gomez who is a one inch Paraguay.
NEUT8|So yeah I recommend picking both those up.
NEUT9|They could potentially rise about 3K each so it picks up loads of these 'cause I really think these will be the main one.
NEUT10|Which will probably get 25K pack from so really recommend doing them.
NEUT11|Now we got a weird one because Celtic of us in our plan on Tuesday and Saturday on Tuesday.
NEUT12|I think the verse in part at Fishel on Saturday verse in Hamilton, sorry, forgot that wrong.
NEUT13|I'm not too sure, but basically Celtic guaranteed to be in it.
NEUT14|I don't know.
NEUT15|They're not guaranteed that verse in two teams, so this should really be in it.
NEUT16|But if you pick up these silver calls 'cause they do not have a gold.
NEUT17|You could make so much money I pick this got 450 and 500 and the Celtic cards are going for about 8:50 'cause people think they're going to have more key match up.
NEUT18|But no matter what, all the prices will go up in price.
NEUT19|So really recommend picking both of those up.
NEUT20|So is Celtic versus Partick Thistle and Celtic versus Hamilton for the second marquee matchup, which will probably get 2000 coins and probably a premium.
NEUT21|So Silver players part onto the third fixture and we have travelers omsp or I'm not sure how to pronounce it.
NEUT22|Versus fenerbache in the Turkish League now.
NEUT23|These players are coffee, gold, few strikes, Latin Doyon, this guy soup, kunjan, June undershirts, and then they're like 500 coins, so I really recommend picking those up and for the fenerbache a players but 400 to 500 coins.
NEUT24|Pick loads of them were those prices usually rise in Turkish League like their centre backs of right backs are left backs, especially right backs and left backs.
NEUT25|Pick them up because if you need a squad of 11 their prices will shoot high.
NEUT26|And yeah, you'll make lots of profit off that, so that's the third fixture.
BULL27|Also, the full fixture we have take Red versus America Club America and this is probably the second most likely is going to be in there as well as both these teams are doing well in the Mexican League, but you could pick these cards up so cheap.
NEUT28|I picked this up guy at this guy over ages ago.
NEUT29|That's why it's a little bit expensive, but these guys have got quite low rares on the left, mid and right mid so you could pick loads of them work for about 700.
NEUT30|Selling for bout 2K when it comes out.
NEUT31|Same as this you could sell them for about 2.
NEUT32|5K specially I recommend the full backs and left, mid and right meds.
NEUT33|So try and pick up the fullbacks from all of these clubs guys annual make you just make bank but those are for fixtures guys and you'll probably get 15K pop for this one.
NEUT34|If you did enjoy this video make sure to drop a like on it.
NEUT35|"Skype for new and I'll see you guys later on with the SBC."""
