BEAR0|"""Let's tackle the jobs number first."
NEUT1|How much of a cushion is it?
BEAR2|Even though it's a February number, I think it's a very unimportant jobs number.
NEUT3|I don't think it really is going to have any impact on how people think about it.
BULL4|We already knew that the economy was actually in decent shape.
NEUT5|Going into this and this just prevent provides some further evidence, but I don't think it really tells you whether this is going to be a you know temporary set back or something more extended and deeper.
NEUT6|We don't.
NEUT7|We don't know that based on.
NEUT8|But the jobs numbers are or any of the other numbers earlier this year.
NEUT9|What does it do to expectations for March?
BEAR10|I think in terms of the March FOMC meeting, I meant the jobs number, but I think the jobs number is probably going to be significantly weaker in in March.
BEAR11|That's partly just because 273 thousand is above the trend, and partly because by March you might start to see some weakness in some of the areas that are hit by pullback by consumers high face to face interaction, leisure and hospitality is a good example that was up about 50,000 in this report, and that's a quite a strong number, but I would expect some weakness there.
NEUT12|Do you by the fact that all that it shows that were on such a strong footing that any slowdown that we face as a result of coronavirus won't be as as deeper Sevier as maybe I don't know some of the markets are worrying about.
NEUT13|I think it just doesn't give you a whole lot of information about the extent of the of the slowdown.
NEUT14|It is.
BULL15|You're right that it's better than the alternative.
BEAR16|If we had found that somehow, even in February there was already a very weak number, the narrative then would have been the economy that was already softening and now is being hit by this.
NEUT17|But I think the truth is that this is just a more stale report than what you normally get, and so we should put a lot less weight on it than I normally would.
BEAR18|The case for negative rates appears to be off the table.
NEUT19|What was the case and why is it off the table?
NEUT20|Well, that was a statement about the Federal Reserve's views as expressed in congressional testimony and an FOMC minutes that there is no support for negative rates as the next step beyond return 220 or near 0 the next step.
NEUT21|If they need to, if they need to go to 0 and they need to provide additional stimulus is going to be much more QE and forward guidance than negative rates.
NEUT22|Now is it impossible that at some point down the road they might reconsider this?
NEUT23|No, it's not impossible that could happen, but it's just not something that is going to be on the agenda anytime soon.
NEUT24|And it's pretty clear what the playbook is likely to be if you, if they do need to provide more support than moving to near 0.
NEUT25|"And that's mainly QE."""
