NEUT0|"""Already guys thinking on this weeks video, this is the Part 2 of the Warren Buffett Stock analysis."
NEUT1|Now if you didn't catch the first part, basically I'm going to give you one key takeaway on why I would choose to either buy a soccer not by the soccer.
NEUT2|So let's talk in order to save you guys time.
NEUT3|I'm not going to tell you all the reasons why, just like some big takeaways.
NEUT4|So without further ado, let's get right into the intro and then the video.
NEUT5|Alright, so for the first talk I want to talk about today in today's video is going to be Costco?
NEUT6|Moral story?
BULL7|Yes, I would buy this company just because of how efficiently they are run and you seen videos and heard in the news that because of this whole pandemic there's been a great transfer.
NEUT8|Well, so stocks like cost Co.
BULL9|I've been thriving and this new marketing economy.
NEUT10|And I believe that they will continue to do so even after the next stock is Devita.
NEUT11|Yes, again, I would buy this stock, not just because that Warren Buffett owns it, but because they themselves are actually buying back the stock now.
NEUT12|This did happen almost maybe two months ago and they had this huge buyback and the stock has grown since then, but I believe is to still be a by the 3rd stock on the list is going to be General Motors and believe it or not, no.
NEUT13|I would actually not by General Motors most because they have such a huge stake and in Michigan excuse me Francis but Nickola or whatever that is in the Kyle sorry.
NEUT14|That is in KLA, and because of the recent allegations against him and how badly that company might actually be running, I just wouldn't put money in the General Motors if I'm not too certain of their future.
NEUT15|The four stock is going to be globe life, and again, no, I would not buy this stock.
NEUT16|It has way too much institutional ownership, meaning it doesn't have a lot of run up room left.
NEUT17|And if one day the institutions decide to dump this stock, well, I don't want to be holding it since more often than not they're going to get the news before US retail traders.
NEUT18|The next stock is Johnson and Johnson, and I'm actually going to say yes because it will all the stocks in this sector there.
NEUT19|One of the more less volatile, and because of the current situation I would just want to have a little bit of money in this sector, so I'm not too sure if I would want to have this talk long term, but as of right now I could see me having it.
NEUT20|Well, maybe 1-2 years or so, which in hindsight isn't like really that long term.
NEUT21|The next stock want to talk about his craft, an actually, no, I would not want to buy this stock because they have a terrable income statement and terrible balance sheet.
NEUT22|Plus personally I don't really like craft products that much.
NEUT23|We don't know what they are, but they are known for their Mac and cheese, but they're just.
NEUT24|A food manufacturing company, but again, no, I wouldn't want to buy them just because of their income statement and balance balance sheet.
NEUT25|The next stock is JP Morgan.
NEUT26|And yes, this really isn't that exciting of a stock to own.
BULL27|You're more than likely not going to see crazy jump UPS or jump downs, but if you look at their income statement and balance sheet, they're actually growing every single year, which I really do like an they are one of the main leaders in their sector.
NEUT28|So again, I personally actually own them so I don't know if I have to endorse that.
NEUT29|Technically, 'cause I've seen that TV shows do endorse like are.
NEUT30|Disclose if they do or do not own the stock.
NEUT31|You know.
NEUT32|I'm not at that level yet.
NEUT33|Anyways, moving on the last stock wanna talk about in this video is Kroger and Heck no.
NEUT34|They had the most institutional ownership, even more so than last talk we talked about.
BEAR35|And just like before to me, I've already missed the big trend of all the institutions on it.
NEUT36|I'm not going to get that much more run up and I want to have you know, like, God forbid, at least like the hope, an idea that my stock will run up a bit more, even though it might be safer, might not the whole idea, the fact that they can just.
NEUT37|Dump this stock whenever they want.
NEUT38|Would make me lose some sleep over tonight.
BULL39|But anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed the video.
NEUT40|As always, remember to leave a like comment subscribe for more future content.
BULL41|"Thanks for watching."""
