NEUT0|"""Welcome back to the Forbes markets desk."
NEUT1|I'm Steve Shafer.
NEUT2|This is a big week for central banks with both the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank gathering to discuss monetary policy.
NEUT3|the Fed meeting Tuesday and Wednesday is not expected to produce a whole lot of action.
NEUT4|Another round of quantitative easing is likely to wait for September when Ben Bernanke and his colleagues will have another two rounds of employment data to have a look at the ECB, though, is expected to take some form of action to help Europe stem the tide of its sovereign debt crisis.
NEUT5|Mario Draghi, who heads up the bank, said last week that will do whatever is necessary and whatever is in his power.
NEUT6|To support the common currency, the euro the Bundesbank.
NEUT7|This week is sending out some signals that they want the ECB to focus more on monetary policy and leave the fiscal policy to individual countries.
NEUT8|If the ECB does do something and we're expecting, it could either be an outright program to purchase Spanish and Italian debt, or even a more extreme measure, which would be yield targeting and saying that.
NEUT9|They won't let yields on those type of instruments rise above a certain level.
NEUT10|If they do something along those lines and they don't have support from the Bundesbank, people really aren't going to buy into the idea that it will be a successful program.
NEUT11|So that's what we'll be watching for on Thursday in the US.
BEAR12|Today we got news on the housing market from the S&P case Shiller indices, which were down year over year, but up from in May from April.
BULL13|Another sign that the housing market continues to improve, and we've certainly seen that in the housing related stocks from builders like Pulte Group in KB Home all the way through to the retailers like Home Depot and Lowe's.
NEUT14|That are closely tide to the housing market.
NEUT15|Another element to watch later in this week, particularly on the European side of things, is what stocks that are closely tide to Europe and have had European issues like Ford Motor.
NEUT16|How they react if we get something out of the ECB?
BEAR17|Ford has been trading near its 52 week lows lately and if Europe seems like it has its act together for once we could certainly see a big rally there for the forward markets desk.
NEUT18|"I'm Steve Shafer."""
