NEUT0|"""Story stock Investing is an exciting way to look at stock investing, where instead of looking at mutual funds and worrying about over diversification or diversifying into the market, to to protect what you have, it's a way of looking at the market in a way to how do you make money in the market by finding out what's happening in individual companies that's leading to increased profitability at these companies and getting the timing right with the overall market."
NEUT1|So we look for key catalysts taking place in companies.
NEUT2|So new CEO or a new product or a new marketing angle or a new distribution model that is going to revolutionize the company.
BULL3|And bring forth increase profitability and therefore strong stock price appreciation, for example that the stock market companion we point often to the Ford Motor Company story where we knew that the that Ford had not accepted the bailout money.
NEUT4|But we also knew the other pieces to this story.
NEUT5|The CEO had been at the helm.
NEUT6|Brian Mullally had been at the helm for approximately 4 years.
NEUT7|His engineering team had been to Consumer Reports and had been shown what?
BEAR8|What the customer was perhaps looking for more from forward and in terms of excellent product, we knew that their profitability was changing.
BULL9|We saw that their earnings had had turned around and they had just turned profitable and so we invested in that stock at the right time and it was an excellent investment for us.
NEUT10|That's a key story stock for several generations now.
BEAR11|People in America have been largely discouraged from investing in individual stocks.
NEUT12|They've been told to diversify through mutual funds and to leave that investing to professionals.
NEUT13|And over time, what they have found is that that hasn't proved true, that the money hasn't been there when they've needed it.
NEUT14|Now in the end, as they are approaching their retirement years and what we are all about here is teaching people that they can manage their money on their own that.
NEUT15|"It's wise to know what's happening at individual companies, where multiplication can really take place with their money when they when they engage the market in that way."""
