NEUT0|"""When it comes to trading US equities, the solitaire E trade is sitting at home has never been a match for powerhouse institutions and sophisticated computer systems."
BEAR1|Such a popular perception, however, has been turned on its head by US authorities, alleging that an independent trader living on the outskirts of London contributed to one of the most embarrassing episodes for the equity industry and regulators.
BEAR2|The flash crash of 2010, nearly five years later, the long arm of the US Department of Justice has charged the futures trader for allegedly contributing to this flash crash.
BEAR3|By the manipulation of S&P 500 E mini futures.
NEUT4|What was the flash crash?
BULL5|Well, in the space of 20 minutes, stocks plunged and then rebounded.
BEAR6|It resulted in thousands of trades being canceled as some blue chip stocks traded at a ridiculous price of just one cent because traders pulled out of the market.
BEAR7|Recrimination focus on the role played by high powered computerized trading systems and a deeply fragmented U.S. equity market where some 50 plus trading venues exist a few months later, regulators pinpointed a large sell order in equity futures as being the trigger for the abrupt drop in prices.
BEAR8|And the evaporation of liquid iti during the flash crash.
NEUT9|But any focus on S&P futures was forgotten.
NEUT10|As we saw.
BEAR11|Further, tech glitches affect the US market like the Facebook IPO and the near fairly of night trading in 2012.
NEUT12|So what are E minis?
NEUT13|This is the simi's, highly popular and electronically traded equity contract that essentially trades around the Clock.
NEUT14|These contracts track the biggest stock market in the world, the S&P 500, which has a market cap of 19 trillion.
BULL15|It thus provides investors around the world with a fast and liquid way to trade US equities.
NEUT16|And utilize a tool that can hedge against big swings in the cash market.
BULL17|The explosive growth of futures and options trading in recent years has long been seen helping maintain an orderly stock market because it quickly narrows any sharp divergent that we see between prices and futures and the cash market.
BEAR18|But clearly sudden moves in futures can reverberate with a stunning effect even across the world's largest equity market.
NEUT19|So what can we now expect from regulators and the industry?
NEUT20|Attention will focus on the role played by the equity futures listed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and why the trading behavior of one person had such an outsized influence as alleged on the cash equity market.
NEUT21|We may also hear further calls for the SEC and CFTC the two separate regulators of cash, equities and futures in the US being merged.
NEUT22|As Paul Volcker suggested earlier this week.
NEUT23|And finally, we should expect a deeper look at why the CME is a self regulating exchange and whether another body should actually monitor and take action against traders who are manipulating market prices.
BEAR24|"And as we have seen, can have very large consequences for the broad U.S. equity market."""
