NEUT0|"""What is the I don't know if you have a favorite industry or one that you naturally naturally gravitate towards, but where your interest lies and investor."
NEUT1|Yeah, look on my deep value investor by training and one company that I love is a toll road company and this will be a little bit controversial for for some Americans and particularly for the folks that live in Washington DC, there's an Australian company that controls the urban toll road networks and largely the urban networks in Australia.
NEUT2|In the three major cities in Australia.
NEUT3|Called Transurban and they operate the hot lanes on the Capital Beltway and the I-95 in around DC here and there in a fantastic position.
NEUT4|Monopoly type assets and for that reason they are regulated but very safe.
NEUT5|Stable earnings and if you can pick up an earning stream like that at a cheap price and there have been some points around the GFC and post the GFC where that business traded very cheaply there, those reliable earnings streams at discount prices is something that really appeals to me where I can have conviction and really go hard and making an investment.
NEUT6|So wait a minute.
NEUT7|This is the company that when I'm driving around the Capital Beltway.
NEUT8|And see the sign saying hey, if you go on this road, this HOV Lane you'll pay this much money.
NEUT9|We will what they're saying Chris is we will get you there faster.
NEUT10|You will get there when you want to get there and you're getting back some time in your life.
NEUT11|The way I explain it to some people as they are essentially in the business of selling the most valuable commodity in the world.
NEUT12|And that is time.
BULL13|So if you value your time and the wear and tear on your vehicle, I think it's a very good value proposition.
NEUT14|I understand why they're doing well, because for anyone who's driven around the Washington DC area for any length of time, the traffic around here.
BEAR15|Yeah, I had a meeting this morning and then with a fellow fool and he was caught in some DC traffic.
NEUT16|I heard all about it.
NEUT17|"It doesn't sound like it's much fun."""
