BULL0|"""Hey guys, today I've got another great penny stock for you and today as well it's going to be trading at a bit of a discount, but it actually has price targets ranging way up to an increase of over 700%."
BULL1|Alright then, thanks for joining me again today.
NEUT2|We're going to just get right into it, but First things first guys.
NEUT3|Make sure you're subscribed to the channel because we always give you update videos like this and it's free to join.
NEUT4|So the stock we're taking a look at today is called OBS CEVA stock ticker OH BSV, you know the deal by now guys.
NEUT5|I'm not going to keep you waiting so if this is all you're here to see I'm going to just wish you the best of luck.
NEUT6|But if you want to hear all of the important information that you need to make an investment yourself and potentially be able to profit from this as well.
NEUT7|Make sure to watch all the way to the end of this video, which is only going to take you about five minutes and I'm actually very happy to see that most of the people who watch these videos stay all the way to the end.
BULL8|So that means that the data I provide is good and I'm very happy with that.
NEUT9|Alright then guys, let's just get started by explaining the current situation that's going on right here and then.
NEUT10|We'll get into why the price targets for this stock are so incredibly high.
BEAR11|OK, so if we take a deeper look into this chart we can see that the stock has shot up on some massive volume, but now the stock has come down quite a bit, which is obviously very normal.
NEUT12|This is just a normal correction guys.
NEUT13|We actually see this pattern a lot whenever stock goes up more than 50%.
NEUT14|The only real news that we have about this company is an update about their clinical trials that came out on January 11th, which is around the time when the stock started going up a lot more.
NEUT15|So I sell T is there medication for women, and there's three main takeaways here again, I'm just going to cover these really really quick.
NEUT16|First one being is that the European Medicines Agency has validated SLT for treating uterine fibroids.
BEAR17|Second one being is that the phase three study of ICE Lt is going as planned, and finally that part of it has been discontinued due to enrollment challenges.
NEUT18|But no safety concerns have been identified, which is always a good sign.
BULL19|OK, so now we know why the stock is up so much on the short term.
NEUT20|But let's take a little bit of a look at why these analysts price targets are so damn high, while the key thing is, is that oh BS Eva is not profitable right now.
BEAR21|Even having an earnings per share of negative 1.82 among a bunch of other factors as well.
BULL22|But that would take a look at the analyst ratings and it's still rated as a strong buy.
NEUT23|And with analyst ratings even ranging up to weigh over 700% gains while the reason behind all of these analyst ratings.
NEUT24|Essentially, all based on speculation because it looks like the company has many profits to be made soon.
BULL25|Their pipeline is currently heavily focused on Q4 of 2021 with many huge products in their pipeline expected to reach commercial partnership and approvals.
NEUT26|By that time period.
NEUT27|So what we're seeing here is a bunch of early bets on a company that is looking like it's likely to be profitable one year from now, and obviously this is not everyone's preferred style of trading, but it does leave the opportunity for a 200% gain even up to a 1000%.
NEUT28|Gain in the course of a year, but that is not financial advice and just an educated opinion on this stock from us.
NEUT29|That's why you should always do your own due diligence before investing in or buy anything on the stock market.
NEUT30|With that being said, make sure you're subscribed to the channel to catch opportunities just like this directly when they come up and we create some videos that you don't want to miss out on.
BULL31|"Furthermore, I would just like to thank you for watching and make it all the way to the end of this video and I'll see you in the next one."""
