NEUT0|"""Welcome to another video."
NEUT1|Today I'm going to be talking about the cryptocurrency dent DNT and doing some technical analysis on it and kind of just giving my thoughts on this chart in general.
BULL2|So with this one dent recently had a pretty big move up, right?
NEUT3|So back in early March it popped consolidated, Pop consolidated, and now it's starting to pop yet again.
NEUT4|So I mean, this is a chart pattern that I really like.
NEUT5|You know, it's unfortunate that didn't catch this one before, but a couple days back it broke on decent volume like that.
BULL6|1.10011 cent range on volume held above it.
BULL7|And it's now starting to consolidate a little bit above this prior resistance level, so moving forward now the next level of support that I'd want to see held on the daily is .00 Point 012.
BULL8|So like the 1.2 cent mark, I'd like to see either a little bit more consolidation here, or potentially another leg up.
BEAR9|So the volume is a little bit low for sustained breakout.
NEUT10|I definitely think this one has a lot of potential and the only real resistance at this point is like that point, like 0148 ish kind of range.
NEUT11|I think that's kind of a pretty big spot to watch, so I think if this one can start to get some volume, I think it can definitely see another leg up, but the volume stays a little bit low like your husband.
NEUT12|I could potentially see this one consolidating a little bit longer, similar to something like in this range here before having another light up.
NEUT13|This will just be kind of the first level of support I'd want to see hold if that's lossed.
NEUT14|I think the key support level to hold would be right around that 011 cent mark.
BEAR15|Because if it ends up losing this level and kind of retest like the 009 cent mark like it was right around here, I think this one could potentially start to put in like a head and shoulders pattern, which would kind of make me lose a lot of interest.
NEUT16|So I think like these are probably two of the supports for me.
NEUT17|Personally, I would want to see hold in the shorter term.
NEUT18|So if he flips the four hour chart, I mean this chart is looking pretty good like.
NEUT19|There's not a whole lot more to talk about other than the fact that I think, like I said, like that 0145 Mark, and then, like the 015 kind of sent Mark, or just the big spots to watch on this chart before potentially having another breakout.
NEUT20|So I mean, this has a super nice shape to it, potentially like a giant Cup and handle starting to form.
NEUT21|Now all that it needs is some volume similar to this move here in a break above that 0145 cent work, and I think this one can go a lot higher.
NEUT22|How much higher is hard to say based on, you know, some of the size of the moves already had.
NEUT23|But I mean it's something where you got to formulate your own plan with how you want to scale out and take profits.
BULL24|If it does start to break to the upside.
NEUT25|But looking at this one, the risk to reward seems pretty reasonable at this point, but again, that's just my opinion.
NEUT26|So as always, I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT27|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT28|If you're going to do any investing, speak to a certified financial advisor and this video provided any value to you.
NEUT29|Go ahead and like comment, subscribe and share.
BULL30|"Thank you for watching."""
