NEUT0|"""The great Cryptocurrency War is about to begin as India readies the opening salvo."
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead.
BULL2|Will you get the insights you need to help navigate this turbulent world?
BULL3|India is moving to wage full scale war against Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
BEAR4|The government has made it known it will soon make the possession of virtual currencies like Bitcoin a criminal offense.
NEUT5|The trading mining, issuing a transferring of crypto assets will also be prohibited.
BEAR6|Offenders will face potential jail time.
NEUT7|The government should back off, but probably won't.
BULL8|India will have plenty of company in this war.
NEUT9|Governments and central banks will fight to preserve their monetary monopoly.
NEUT10|They don't want independent individuals and entities creating a credible alternative to their own money and their minds.
NEUT11|Digital currencies should be government issued.
NEUT12|In the US, for example, you can go to jail for producing a substitute for the dollar even if your invention looks nothing like the greenback.
BEAR13|Up to now, authorities avoid the crypto's rarely not hitting them with crippling regulations.
BEAR14|That's because these digital monies could not be easily used for commercial transactions, especially long term contracts given their violent volatility in value.
NEUT15|Various vendors from time to time will proclaim they will accept Bitcoin or other crypto's as payment, but these are really sideshows but the time is coming when entrepreneurs or companies like a Facebook will invent a crypto that is easy to use as government money is today will have a stable value.
NEUT16|That is this new kind of crypto will have its value fixed to a trusted currency like the Swiss franc or to gold or best could have major currencies.
NEUT17|Or basket of commodities?
NEUT18|India looks to be making a preemptive strike before such a crypto sees the light of day like India, the US and other countries want their own government digital currencies and not have to contend with competitors.
NEUT19|Laws will be passed to prohibit courts from enforcing contracts based on an independent digital money or from using it to pay taxes.
NEUT20|Banks will be pressured not to accept crypto deposits and new digital financial service providers will be.
BEAR21|Hounded by regulators.
NEUT22|Communication outlets will soon be flooded with stories about crypto's abetting crime, not to mention heavy duty hand wringing about how independent digital monies will lead to financial and economic Armageddon.
NEUT23|But unlike India and its probable imitators, government should start figuring out how to live with the crypto world.
NEUT24|The best way stop debasing your money.
NEUT25|Go to the gold standard.
NEUT26|Properly managed.
NEUT27|It works always.
NEUT28|I'm Steve Forbes.
BULL29|"Thank you for listening to send in your comments and suggestions and look forward to being with you soon again."""
