BEAR0|"""Are investors growing worried about Sky high stock prices?"
NEUT1|This article represents the opinion of the writer who may disagree with the official recommendation position of a Motley Fool premium advisory service where Motley questioning and investing thesis, even one of our own, helps us all think critically about investing and make decisions that help us become smarter, happier, and richer.
NEUT2|Follow at John__roseveare what happened?
BEAR3|Shares of Chinese electric vehicle maker Nio, NYSE Neo were trading lower on Monday.
BEAR4|There was no obvious news driving shares lower, but it may have been caught in a sell off that affected other recently hot investments, including Tesla and Bitcoin.
BEAR5|As of 1:15 PM Eastern Standard Time anio's American depositary shares were down about 5.5% from Friday's closing price.
NEUT6|So what?
BEAR7|While there are good reasons to be bullish on nio's long term prospects, it's hard to argue with the notion that the stock has become expensive.
NEUT8|After all, this is a company that sold just 43,000 vehicles in 2020.
BULL9|And it still sporting a market cap nearly twice that of Ford Motor Company investors who have been around The Motley Fool for awhile.
NEUT10|Know that some stocks that seem expensive now often look cheap.
BEAR11|In retrospect, that could turn out to be true of Neo, but I think it's very possible that today's downward movement is related to declines in Tesla, Bitcoin, and similar assets in the sense that lots of things are looking expensive, and some investors may be responding by moving to reduce overall portfolio risk.
NEUT12|That might well include taking some NEO profits.
BEAR13|And that could be why the stock is down today.
NEUT14|Now what?
NEUT15|There was some small news and Neo on Monday, but it wasn't bearish.
NEUT16|China's auto home website reported that Neo is now in the last stages of testing its new second generation battery swap stations.
NEUT17|The company expects to begin deploying the stations in April.
NEUT18|Neo plans to begin rolling out new versions of its automated battery swap stations in April.
NEUT19|Image source Neo, an iOS roughly 200 battery swap stations, have become a key part of its overall business strategy.
NEUT20|Buyers of new Nio's can choose to buy the vehicle without a battery pack, which lowers the purchase price and opt for a subscription to the battery swap service, which gives Neil on going revenue after the vehicle sale.
BULL21|The new second generation stations can handle more vehicles per day than Nio's current stations and can complete the swap operation in less time than the roughly 3 minutes required at the current stations.
BULL22|The company hopes to have 500 of the new stations up and running in China by the end of this year.
NEUT23|"Auto investors can look forward to learning more about the new stations when NEO reports its fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings after the US markets close next Monday, March 1st."""
