NEUT0|"""Hey fools Andrew Tonner here Tech and telecom analyst for The Motley Fool back for another one of our popular Ask Full series where our users submit questions via social media and our analysts field those questions."
NEUT1|Today's question comes from user Paul Krizek who asks should I hold on to Apple?
BEAR2|Simple question, but it's been a frustrating experience.
NEUT3|Being an Apple shareholder over the last 6 to 12 months.
BULL4|But I still believe there are plenty of reasons this company is poised to succeed.
BULL5|Over the long term now, if you look at the company today trading at slightly above $400 a share, it's arguably possibly the cheapest stock on the market, especially backing out the huge amount of cash, short term and long term investments is company holds on its balance sheet.
NEUT6|The operating business is trading at multiples that are simply UN justifiably cheap.
BULL7|That plus their aggressive buyback, an now dividend yielding just under 3%.
NEUT8|There's a.
BULL9|There's a very attractive return profile right now.
BULL10|Between the severe discount and also what drinking back in terms of buybacks and dividends.
BULL11|Ideal for making this company a bot, but at the same time you look at the company strategically and what they're likely to do over the next 12 to 18 months that I think will also help reinvigorate revenue growth.
BULL12|And that could lead to significant multiple expansion.
NEUT13|Four people holding Apple shares today you look at the company and it's widely rumored that we're going to introduce a second iPhone Model, a low cost version of the popular smartphone to really attack what's been maybe the most lacking piece of their strategic framework right now in the smartphone market.
BULL14|And that's a way of addressing low end of the smartphone market at relatively competitive pricing point, but also hopefully still maintaining some level of margin stability as well.
BULL15|If Apple can pull that off and market like Apple typically can, well this could be huge driver of additional growth and profits in also expanding Apple's market share via win across the board and then again looking at the discounted share price as well.
NEUT16|You basically have a free option on any future innovation for this company as well.
NEUT17|It's likely rumored that apples.
NEUT18|Will is try to introduce either one product redefining product category defining device, either a watch or a TV or likely both say the next 24 ish months and you're also seeing the market and not respect that at all.
BEAR19|Of course it's frustrating when you see your positions losing money but at the same time you look at the road map for success for this company over say the next two years.
NEUT20|It's likely that Apple will have more products be making more money driving additional sales sales growth and it's a stock.
NEUT21|Investors still should be taken very seriously today so.
BEAR22|Frustrating experience, but I think it's still a bot.
BULL23|"Thanks a lot and full on."""
