NEUT0|"""Gee, how did you read this announcement this morning from the US Trade Representative?"
NEUT1|Well, you know in our book we we detail, you know, the three year battle between US and China over trade.
NEUT2|Trade was the tip of the spear in the fight between these two countries and now amazingly, trade is one of the few strands that holds this relationship together.
NEUT3|I think that that's what that meeting shows with the meeting.
NEUT4|The meeting is the message.
NEUT5|It wasn't that they talked about so many important things and made decisions.
NEUT6|It was the fact that there was a meeting.
BEAR7|Top US officials, top Chinese officials continuing to talk during this amazing slide in this relationship.
BEAR8|Is that indicative of how far the relationship has fallen?
NEUT9|Or maybe the recognition that both sides need some sort of trade truce?
BEAR10|I think it's a recognition of how far things have fallen and and to expect things to fall some more to expect more initiatives out of the Trump administration that move the two countries in dissimilar paths.
NEUT11|But I think the message also is there's a boundary to this, at least for the moment, and it's it's really questionable whether this will will continue through the election, but at least for the moment the Phase one deal is safe.
NEUT12|Again, it doesn't mean that it's going to.
NEUT13|You know, make it through the election.
BEAR14|The president is Warren time and again that he might pull out.
NEUT15|But right now you know very senior people on both sides are saying, you know we're committed to the relationship.
BULL16|We're committed to the trade relationship, not necessarily the rest of it, but we're committed to the trade relationship, and you know, and we're going to move forward with it.
NEUT17|When you start thinking about the technology troubles between the two and the potential ban for Tick Tock and we chat what's been happening with waway?
NEUT18|How big of an issue is that and?
NEUT19|How quickly do you think things will escalate if those bands go through as expected?
BEAR20|I think it's a bit I really big issue.
NEUT21|I mean the Tick Tock and we chat.
NEUT22|There are lots of outs on that one, right?
NEUT23|I mean, tick Tock looks like it's going to be bought by an American company.
NEUT24|I mean then you had.
NEUT25|You do have the president.
NEUT26|Is this a president that we wanted a U.S. President basically forcing an American based company to sell and also to ask for a cut of the proceeds, will see how that actually works out.
NEUT27|With we chat, they're still working on exactly how sweeping that that ban will be, but when it comes to wow way, that's a very, very significant action.
NEUT28|There were two sweat and there were two swings at Wowway before this, where the US tried to limit the kinds of things that, while we could buy, both of them, had enormous enormous loopholes that US and foreign companies could work to continue to supply.
NEUT29|Wow way, I think that's one reason.
NEUT30|China really hasn't reacted that strongly to Wowway, but this lease this recent effort, this recent regulation is enormously sweeping.
NEUT31|I mean, it really could wind up strangling wow way outside of China.
NEUT32|I mean, China will.
NEUT33|While we will always exist because it's gotten an enormous domestic market and the US market now is pretty much closed off to it.
BEAR34|But there is the entire rest of the world in the US is now put into effect, something that will cripple wall way.
BEAR35|"And it sells outside of China, so that's that's, I think, frankly, the most significant move the Trump administration has made against China."""
