BEAR0|"""Even worse, the expectation for tonight an would you say the bar is pretty high, pretty low walk me through what you will be looking for."
BEAR1|Yeah, I'd say it's pretty low.
NEUT2|I think there's a reasonable understanding that there's just not a lot Disney can say about a lot of the end market activity that you mentioned.
NEUT3|Film production is shut down parks or operating through a pretty unique time, and the return of live sports is largely out of Disney's control, so I think they'll try to speak to some of the things that are in their control, but probably not try to provide any sort of false sense of certainty about what the next few months are going to look like.
NEUT4|Yeah, that said.
NEUT5|I mean, we all remember.
NEUT6|Just what was at 18 months ago.
NEUT7|12 months ago when Disney was doing everything right, the stock was beloved.
NEUT8|You know it was all going in their favor and now it's just the complete opposite.
NEUT9|So as an investor, what do you do?
NEUT10|Do you dump the stock because of the pandemic or do you buy it at these levels saying OK, I'm going to have to wait maybe three or five years, but ultimately the same factors that contributed to its success before will contribute to its success.
BULL11|Once again.
NEUT12|Yeah, I think it's a little bit of both, so I think for those investors who can be patient.
BULL13|This is undoubtedly a great opportunity to own Disney.
NEUT14|You know the stock was making highs of around $150 not so long ago, and so the question is what's changed?
NEUT15|And the answer is, coronavirus has changed a lot of things and so when there is an end to the pandemic, which is to say when there is a vaccine that's deployed, then Disney you know should be returning to that level of earnings power that that it had before.
NEUT16|I think for those investors, though with a little shorter duration horizon you have to acknowledge that.
BEAR17|Like a lot of other stocks that have been severely impacted by the pandemic, this one probably isn't going to start going back up to those normalized levels until its operations can really return back to normal.
NEUT18|Yep, and you've got a 118 target on it.
NEUT19|Just pretty bang on where it's sitting right now.
BEAR20|Rate is equal weight is just going to be a tough slog for them.
BULL21|"Stephen, thanks so much, Sir."""
