NEUT0|"""Hello Welcome today is taking analysis."
NEUT1|It's Wednesday, February 28th, 2018 and Christina, Bethany investment analyst at dixon.com and today will be looking at the US dollar versus the Japanese yen on the daily chart so the area has been in neutral motor ranging between 106 and 107 key levels over the past few weeks.
BULL2|After touching a 15 month low of 105.54 on February 16th, it hasn't done much to break this down side channel so expect the market to maintain.
BEAR3|Is down, it started in the beginning of January, but Moreover, since prices continue to trade below the chin McLeod, another moving average lines which are negatively sloped at the moment other market direction is more likely to be to the downside in the short term.
BEAR4|However, prices could keep moving sideways because if you look at their side down here, the index is pretty close to its neutral threshold of 15, has no specific direction, while if you look at the Jamaica indicators, the rectangles in line is below.
NEUT5|The Blue Canyon State line, but it's flat as well.
BEAR6|I know in case we see some weakness in the market, prices could drop back to the middle of this channel that is around 106 thirty then below from here 105.54 could be another target which if broken could extend this down like towards the bottom of the channel around 104.86.
BEAR7|However, if prices had higher immediate resistance is seen around 107.68, this could be a strong barrier to breakthrough because.
NEUT8|Used to be a frequently congested area, and it's also where the upper bound of the channel and the 20 day moving average are currently.
BEAR9|So any close above this area could terminate this downside pattern, pushing prices towards 108.67, which was previous support level between the end of January and mid of February, then further above prices could stop at the halfway of this down, like around 109.58 which has been also tested several times, both as resistant and support.
BEAR10|Now turning to the medium term picture, the outlook is bearish since market down here continues to fluctuate below 0.
BEAR11|Moreover, the bearish cross between the 50 day and the 200 day moving average signals that negative movements are more likely to emerge in the medium term, so that's all from it.
BULL12|"Thank you for watching and have a great day."""
