NEUT0|"""In the 2008 2009 market meltdown, ordinary investors didn't feel like they had any control over their portfolios."
BEAR1|They saw their networth falling precipitously and they blamed stocks for it.
BULL2|As uncomfortable as it was back then to think about buying stocks, the fact is that stocks historically have given much better returns than most of the alternatives.
NEUT3|That they could have invested.
NEUT4|It is counterintuitively, as it may seem, even though returns lately in the stock market have been low, it's exactly at that time when future returns often turn out to be the best.
NEUT5|For instance, during a past flat.
NEUT6|For stocks from 1966 to 1982, alot of investors felt exactly the same way.
NEUT7|In fact, a major magazine pronounced that the death of stocks had happened and yet 1982 turned out to be the beginning of one of the biggest bull markets.
NEUT8|In stock market history, as attractive as it may seem, during times of turmoil to stay out of stocks and to go with safer alternatives, those alternatives aren't actually as safe as people think.
BEAR9|For instance, you might keep all of your money in a bank account, knowing that the government insures you against the chance of loss, but unfortunately with interest rates as low as they are, you're actually losing purchasing power on every dollar you keep in a savings account because it's not paying enough interest.
NEUT10|To make up for the impact that inflation in taxes have, other investors look to.
BULL11|Investments like bonds and commodities because they've performed very well in recent years.
BEAR12|But part of the problem with that is that the very factors that contributed to their great returns are now starting to reverse, and so looking forward their chances of being able ever to match the returns that they've delivered in the past or very low.
NEUT13|When it comes right down to it, often the best choice that you have in choosing an investment is to look at the investment that scares you the most.
NEUT14|And so while bonds and other safe investments may seem like a smart choice.
NEUT15|"It in fact makes a lot more sense to take a step forward, take on more risk, and go into the stock market now."""
