NEUT0|"""I it's jacamo on speaking and thanks for watching this quick and short video on Rolls Royce's talk in front of us."
NEUT1|There is one hour candle stick showing the price movement and just using simple technical analysis.
NEUT2|Let's see if we can forecast.
NEUT3|You can predict the next step of these stock.
NEUT4|Just please very mind.
NEUT5|Always read a lot of news about Rolls Royce and trying always to match technical with fundamental analysis.
NEUT6|Both of them should be on the same page as we are now.
NEUT7|We can see with Blue line already drawn the major trend prices be moving sideways between let's say oh point 35 pound and 1.4 pound and we are now.
BEAR8|Prices were closed last week.
BULL9|To the resistance level of 1.4 pound, it was not broken, meaning that this option it's not ready was not ready to happen, let's say, but actually it worked very well as super resistance level and it can be seen again as next target price.
NEUT10|So generally when prices are moving inside the channel, the best option is just hold, wait, just change store 'cause you don't need to invest.
NEUT11|In this talk you can change it.
NEUT12|You can invest in something else where it's.
NEUT13|It's might be easier to understand what is going on, because generally when there is no trend is like a transition transition time.
NEUT14|You know before the stock can can go up or can go down.
NEUT15|So it's just supposed to the market and it can last for years.
NEUT16|As we can see it has been almost one year since the virus came in and the processes be prices a be moving inside this channel as we are right now the best option again.
NEUT17|It's it's just too old.
NEUT18|But Becauses this residence level worked as resistance level and this new support level.
NEUT19|Of £1.00 is not been blocked, there may be an opportunity to go long again after 1.4 pound as target price so the idea would be to go longer but only if this support level or £1.00 will not be broken so as significant very important support level is £1.00 and if it will not be broken in the next days the idea is to go longer vote does it mean it means that if in the next day the daily closed?
NEUT20|The Daily close target.
BEAR21|Sorry daily.
NEUT22|Close price for this talk is going to be always above £1.00 for at least two or three days in a row.
NEUT23|Lydia is to go log by service if the close price at the close price daily close price is going to be below this support level of £1.00 or perhaps is going to go up and down between one below and up.
NEUT24|Boo.
NEUT25|One pound lady is just too old because perhaps this support level.
NEUT26|Can be broken and if it will be broken, the price is my keep going down up to a new support level of 4.8 pound and if it will be broken again that you might be there might be important to keep going down and the price in the price can really go can really reach the prices.
NEUT27|Can really reach the support level of oh point 35 pound.
NEUT28|So in conclusion as we are now the best option is just old.
NEUT29|And just the old before going longer and the yes to go log on if this support level or £1.00 will not be broken.
NEUT30|"Thanks bye."""
