BULL0|"""Hello everybody, thanks for watching this quick video on modern stock and in front of us."
NEUT1|There is one hour candle stick showing the behavior behavior of these stock and as usual just using simple technical analysis tools, let's see if you're able to predict the next step of this store.
NEUT2|So as we can see, modern since since before the coronavirus has been moving in a very very flat way.
NEUT3|Loaded zone tally without any type of volatility since they started the race to find produce the vaccine against coronavirus, it has been treated a lot and it has been very volatile.
NEUT4|So when this market is when any market becomes very volatile, it grabs that tension of different investors and traders.
NEUT5|So this is the reason why it is being traded a lot since the.
BULL6|Since the since March, when the virus came in so every other now with this talk this talk was performing very well in the last for the last let's say from March to beginning of September because I was able to find a bullish trend line.
NEUT7|This is those two peaks are this one is higher than the previous one and this one is higher of the previous two peaks.
NEUT8|So this one could be seen as a tentative trendlines.
NEUT9|Because that's been tested only two times.
BEAR10|But this thing that you've done, the lines was broken in, let's say in mid of August, giving a weakness signal of this market.
NEUT11|Now this talk has been moving in a sideways direction direction.
NEUT12|So what we can do now is just to apply the channel Terry.
NEUT13|So when the prices are closer to this bottom support level, ideas to go longer.
NEUT14|Vice versa when those prices are closer to this top flat.
NEUT15|A residence line idea is to go shorter, so as we are right now now 'cause it seems that the prices since the beginning of September, they they were really close to the bottom support level.
NEUT16|So the idea is to go long following this this path and we target price of 85 U.S. dollars.
NEUT17|So as we are right now based on a simple channel, tailored idea is too long but I would have as we are and actually we are too late to go along because you should have gotten along.
BULL18|In the beginning of September, I said told you, when the prices were closer to this support level.
NEUT19|Now that we are in the middle of the channel, what we have to do is just hold for now.
NEUT20|Wait, because the prices can really going down again before going up, so this option is still valid even if the most likely might be this one.
NEUT21|But again, this one cannot be excluded.
NEUT22|There are not enough signals to tell us that the prices and the percentage will go up so big 'cause those two options are still valid because.
NEUT23|The prices have been moving inside the channel and now they are in the middle of the channel.
NEUT24|The best option for Moderna stock is just too old before going long or short.
BULL25|So perhaps if the prices will get closer to this support level and it will not break it out.
NEUT26|Areas to go look by service if the prices will get closer to this target price of 85 U.S. dollar and this prices or this level will not be broken.
NEUT27|Ideas to go short just following the channel theory that's from my side, thanks.
NEUT28|"Again, just for now old before, before deciding the next step."""
