BULL0|"""Boeing shares are rising today."
NEUT1|There's some speculation swirling around about about Boeing, at least raising the possibility that the scenario we settled on May not be the only answer and that the birds may have been.
NEUT2|Involved in the crash of the Ethiopian jet.
NEUT3|So here's what they're saying is what the Wall Street Journal saying.
NEUT4|They're saying.
NEUT5|A high ranking Boeing executive first raise dismiss the possibility of a bird collision trigger similar sequence of events that could cause a second accident.
BEAR6|US aviation authorities increasingly believe that a version of that scenario, described by Boeing Executive Mike Sinnett at a November meeting with American airline pilots may have caused the Ethiopian Airlines crash nearly four months later.
NEUT7|This, according to officials familiar with the details.
NEUT8|The crash happened after a sensor self.
BEAR9|Sent faulty data, possibly due to a bird strike leading to automated commands that repeatedly pushed the nose of the plane, but that bird strike what they're describing in this article would be the bird strike damaging the sensors that then led to the same problem of the nose pulling down and the pilots pulling up, so you still get back to the problem being that there weren't two sensors.
NEUT10|There wasn't a light indicating that there was a different reading coming from the two sensors and helping the pilots determine what was really happening, even if it was a bird strike that caused the sensor to be damaged.
NEUT11|I think you're still back at the same position of this being a situation where there were other controls that could have prevented a problem like this.
NEUT12|If that is actually what happened.
NEUT13|Obviously all of these investigations take then that would suggest that there was there were two bird strikes 'cause it would well.
NEUT14|This is suggesting only in the Ethiopian sage situation they're saying the pilot should have known at that point because the Malaysian air situation had already occurred.
NEUT15|So a lot of complicating factors.
BULL16|But you do see the stock is up by about $5 and.
BULL17|"$0.40 a gain of about 1 1/2%."""
