NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol, AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR4|Quite the eventful day on this one, and overall a very bizarre looking chart in the sense of I mean, it started so strong and then it's really just started to show weakness all afternoon long.
BEAR5|Now this doesn't mean it's a guarantee of anything, you know, but moving forward you got to be relatively bearish thinking you know and throwing up the question you know is this downward drift going to just continue on downwards and to be fair, I mean the price is still hanging up above an important level.
NEUT6|Let me get that mapped out.
NEUT7|That level being right here around.
NEUT8|The 1:17 Ish area, more so right on one 1725 ish where you go through the history of the chart and you can see behaved as support behaved as support so it's not like it's crashed down through that level but I guess what I'm trying to get out here is that it's a more than valid.
NEUT9|It's a more than rational thought to have that you know if the price gets out of this one 1725 ish mark and then breaks down through it that break in and of itself could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure and in my mind I don't think it would be shocking one bit.
NEUT10|See that break then carry the price down to minimum down there around the 1:15.
NEUT11|50 Mark so definitely keep an eye on that one.
NEUT12|1725 ish mark.
NEUT13|Like said, it's within striking distance right now, but you got to be fair.
BULL14|It's not like it's been broken or anything, but just with the way you know everything started off so strong to see the price did a great job of holding up around here.
NEUT15|Then all of a sudden all afternoon long has just continued to bleed and bleed and bleed again.
NEUT16|That could totally turn around.
NEUT17|It is Apple Blanks that if it were me I think it makes good rational sense that be a little bit more bearish.
NEUT18|Bias moving forward now.
NEUT19|In the event the price decides it wants to try to turn itself around first key area of resistance than any sort of movement back to the upside.
NEUT20|Going to be right there at 119 fifty and then after one 1950 next key level up there right around the one 2175 Mark.
NEUT21|But All in all those would be the main technical levels to keep an eye on moving forward.
NEUT22|So let's see how this one continues to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL26|So being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT32|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT34|That is again, totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT37|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
