NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL4|Well another very solid day an Apple.
BULL5|I think the best part of the day and what in my opinion at least, was the strongest part.
NEUT6|Was that how well the price respected this area of support that I talked about.
NEUT7|So this will be a little bit more of those you that watch video previously, but if you didn't watch it, I talked about that green line down there being an area of support.
NEUT8|I mean you just can't make this stuff up.
NEUT9|The power of charts, price gap down plunged all the way down to that area and look right where it happened to bounce right off that level and all the way up it went.
BULL10|So by saying above that level I mean that doesn't guarantee anything per say, but it certainly is a good solid sign of strength.
NEUT11|That the Bears try to show up, and then the Bulls, I mean, really just kind of punched him in the face down there and back up.
BULL12|It went so moral.
NEUT13|The story there keep continuing to keep a close eye on that 121 mark.
BULL14|That remains an important level of support.
NEUT15|But also you gotta give the bearish credit or credits do 'cause sure the price did ultimately balance all the way up here but look right where the bounds stopped right at that red line.
NEUT16|Which again I've talked about in past videos.
BEAR17|So this area here is definitely being very very stubborn.
NEUT18|From the bearish side of things.
NEUT19|But the good news is that the price closed much closer up around here, so that's not a guarantee, but it is a more than plausible thought to say you know what?
NEUT20|It's looking like a breakout could be possible, whereas if the price was down here, well, you know calling a breakout would imply the First off the price has to go all the way up there just to get to the point to do battle with it.
NEUT21|But in this situation the prices to go right there and it can start to do battle once again once more does not mean that it's a guaranteed breakout, but it's certainly more than plausible situation to keep an eye on.
NEUT22|So if the price can break up through that level, I do want to map out where the next level of support or excuse me resistance would be in for that.
NEUT23|We got to go back quite a bit in the way in the charts history, which is a good problem to have, but that next level would then be right up there around the 125 mark.
NEUT24|So keep trying those couple of levels moving forward.
BULL25|But All in all, good solid movement today, especially a good solid recovery from that opening morning.
NEUT26|And we'll see how this one plays out on Thursday.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event.
NEUT29|Whatever you want to call it, but it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL30|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
BEAR33|But in a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT36|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT37|That is, again, totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT38|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT39|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT41|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
