BULL0|"""News that Mike Bloomberg will be carpet bombing Florida with adds to the tune of 100,000,000."
NEUT1|Just hit the airwaves.
BEAR2|And as always happens, Trump replied with tweets, insulting Mikes competence and motives seems like Trump really resents Mike's opposition to his presidency, especially since he is an actual successful businessman, the kind that make a lot of money from their ventures contrasting his own record of bankrupting and screwing up everything he touches.
BEAR3|Now he's reminding Bloomberg that Elizabeth Warren sank him with her debate comments.
NEUT4|About past misdeeds with women, which are of course never to be condoned, but seemed to me into most observers to be orders of magnitude below the abuse is Trump has been linked to in this Department in which he could easily be liable for should he be booted out of the White House this November.
NEUT5|In any case, Bloomberg's chart is delicious Lee wired to battle and oppose Trump.
NEUT6|You definitely do not want an Inter chart battle with someone like this because the planet exchanges are quite vicious and the appointed happens to have a lot of money.
NEUT7|He could put to good use against you.
BULL8|Now it's Florida in Florida is critical if Mike manages to shift the situation even a couple of percentage points, it could be enough to put it in Biden's column and that would pretty much seal the deal.
NEUT9|But what if Mike decides to keep on spending money in other battleground states?
BEAR10|I'm sure Trump is sweating even more than usual at such a prospect, especially as it is being reported.
BEAR11|His campaign is already quite short on Cash, Bloomberg's ascendant conjunct Trump's 12 House Venus.
NEUT12|Saturn means he's on to Trump's hidden.
NEUT13|And or criminal motives.
BEAR14|And for Trump, this kind of connection is always going to be uncomfortable.
BEAR15|Then we see Mike Son opposite Trump's Mars for more hostility.
BEAR16|In open combat, the other Aquarius planets are also opposing Pluto, which is really going to set off the Orange Menace.
NEUT17|Who would love nothing more than to totally destroy Bloomberg if only he didn't have so much damn money.
NEUT18|When a person has so many planets in your 7th house, there are other your partner or there and open and direct enemy.
NEUT19|It's pretty obvious that Mike is no friend of Trump's, and that I send in connection to Trump's 12.
NEUT20|Makes him a hidden enemy as well.
BEAR21|Now notice Bloomberg Stars planets show up elevated and Trump's as the aggravating sensor.
NEUT22|His Leo planets.
NEUT23|Of course Trump's going to fight back.
NEUT24|It is rising Pluto and Mars, but Mikes Mars is also part of it, so he'll just punch right back someone elses planets in your 9th, 10th, 11th.
NEUT25|But especially the 10th always put you at least in some sense in a position of having to admire and respect because the other person's energies represent what you're shooting for yourself.
NEUT26|And it's pretty clear Bloomberg.
NEUT27|Has done much better in the money and success Department than Trump, so it's almost certain Trump is jealous and resentful to capital laugh Bloombergs Neptune in squared to Trump Sun and moon and right in the heart of his money house to remind him that Mike is using his money like a cudgel to beat up on make America great again who wins this battle?
NEUT28|Who gets the last laugh?
NEUT29|"I'm going with Bloomberg."""
