NEUT0|"""A friends is chatting me at the end of each archives.com look down in the description of this video you'll see a link to our new website."
NEUT1|We are offering a 10 day free trial.
NEUT2|Today was our first day trying to live webcam feature where I'm going over intraday charts, 515 minute, 30 minute timeframes.
NEUT3|Looking for day trading opportunities and the flipping of options also were hanging out in the chat room looking to answer technical analysis questions and guide you on your path to learning charge to becoming a more profitable trader or investor.
NEUT4|Looking at Disney DS on the daily and weekly time Frame is the daily chart.
BULL5|We saw a nice bullish day.
BEAR6|The price broke above the Upper Bollinger Band, an consolidated back down that resistance level is one 2143.
BULL7|We had the RSI breaking 70, potentially showing it might be a little bit over, but we'll have to see how tomorrow plays out to see if we get a red Candlestick to confirm those profit taking you see on the quick upper Wick of this candle stick, but the lower which also shows that the Bulls bought the dip, so it'd been decision.
BEAR8|This is a spinning top Candlestick which is a bearish reversal.
NEUT9|Candlestick will have to see if a red day tomorrow confirms this bearish reversal.
BULL10|We have the Mac D here trying to make a bullish cross and pretty close to it.
BEAR11|But with the RSI where it's at and the price getting knocked down by the Upper Bollinger Band, I am expecting to see a Red day tomorrow.
NEUT12|Looking on the weekly chart, we only have one day locked in.
BEAR13|We have four more to go, but the RSI is pretty crazy overbought at 84 it's been riding high, riding the Upper Bollinger Band resistance.
NEUT14|That level is 121 sixty four.
BULL15|It hit that level and pulled back today, so 1234567 now eight weeks in a row.
NEUT16|Writing this Upper Bollinger band channel.
BULL17|That's not a sustainable trend and we will see a consolidation eventually.
NEUT18|First level to look at is this 10 week moving average of one 1556.
NEUT19|On the daily chart, the first level of support is the 10 day moving average at one 1941.
NEUT20|So the level you want to keep your eye on 120 will be some psychological support as it shown some previous price history these few days and we'll have to see how it plays out tomorrow.
NEUT21|I'm expecting a Red Day, but you never know.
NEUT22|If you want to subscribe my YouTube channel, you'll see these videos as I put them out daily and again.
NEUT23|The website isthechartguys.com you have nothing to lose by giving the free trial is shot and I look forward to meeting you in the chat room.
BULL24|"I appreciate you watching and hope you have a great night."""
