NEUT0|"""Is addition of toggles daily video insights?"
NEUT1|My name is Jan.
NEUT2|I'm one of the cofounders of toggle and for those of you who are new warm welcome.
NEUT3|Today is one of the videos where we take a look at an insight produced by toggle across 15,000 assets and deep dive into the details of the drivers.
NEUT4|The analysis behind it just to give everybody a sense as to how toggle can really raise your investment process to a new level and bring in a level of.
NEUT5|Data driven decision making.
NEUT6|If you like these insights, please subscribe to our YouTube channel.
NEUT7|Otherwise.
NEUT8|Also check us out on Toggle Global where you can test drive toggle copilot, which is the system that we're using here.
NEUT9|Today we're going to take a look at Boston, Omaha, and as you can see in the asset overview to 360 widget for any asset inside toggle there haven't actually been any pressures highlighted here in quite some time until recently, so now we have the most recent one, momentum, which is what we're going to take a look now suggesting that actually.
BEAR10|This could push the stock price quite a bit higher after this tricky.
BEAR11|That it's had coming down from about 45 all the way to 30.
BEAR12|Clicking on the analysis here, we can take a quick look as to what the driver is and basically as you can see right from the picture here, it's the fact that momentum in the stock has decelerated quite meaningfully.
NEUT13|This suggests based on the episodes and there have been four similar ones in the past that you could actually see a balance of as much as 20 plus percent over the following three months or within the following three months.
NEUT14|See here the confidence interval.
NEUT15|We expect the price to stay and starting at 2991 expect not to see it below 2677.
NEUT16|This is a good place again to place a stop loss, or at least we evaluate a thesis if indeed you included this stock in your portfolio.
NEUT17|While it might move, this is where you were able to check some of the other episodes and you can see indeed there really have not been many times when the one month momentum in particular has been this stretch to the negative side and they're just inspecting it visually.
BULL18|This did eventually result in quite a bit of a higher performance.
NEUT19|Now for occurrences is not a huge number.
NEUT20|Obviously you would have liked to have seen more typically require five or more to give it a star in the quality checklist, which you can check here.
BULL21|And so this only now has six out of the eight stars because of us finally looking at the back test you can see that actually the results in the past really have been quite positive and the cumulative return on the basis of a dollar we invested in each of these past four episodes was almost.
BULL22|$3 so much for Boston Omaha today in the Daily Brief.
NEUT23|We also discussed the outlook for the EV market.
NEUT24|Those of you who are subscribing to it should already have it in your mailbox is if you don't have one, please go to toggle global annual.
NEUT25|Be able to subscribe there.
BULL26|"Thanks for attention and will see you again tomorrow."""
