NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Well, this will mean a little bit more to those you that watch the video from yesterday, but I talked about there being a bear flag port formation forming an part of the bear flag.
BEAR4|Was this green support red line here, which earlier on in the day did a fantastic job of holding strong holding, strong, holding strong and then late day right there you can see the price is actually broken down below it and that does not mean that the price is going to crash, but it does now bring about the more than valid question of is this the start of a new leg down?
NEUT5|Is this bear flag going to go into full motion?
NEUT6|Here an is this going to pick up that much more momentum.
NEUT7|He knows that, but my point here is that is certainly a wise Anna more than irrational question to be now wondering, given how the prices behaved relative to this pattern here, especially when it was already a bearish pattern to begin with.
NEUT8|So definitely that's the dynamic to watch moving forward.
NEUT9|I'm going to go ahead and get rid of that line.
NEUT10|It's served its purpose now, but the level I am now very curious about.
BULL11|As far as supports our concern is, can the price ultimately hold up above this one 3360 mark?
NEUT12|If the price comes down and breaks through one 3360, that would imply that it's now broken down through those lows that were established earlier on in the day, and that was just again give that much more credence to the fact of OK, yeah, this Bear Bear Flag seems to be getting that much more downside continuation, so one 3360 definitely a very important level to watch, and then as far as areas of resistance are concerned, again, that line has served its purpose, but the new level of resistance is this overall trend line right here.
NEUT13|Which you can see right there, has done a very accurate job of just forecasting where those sellers have been showing up over the past few days.
BEAR14|So yeah, things are certainly looking shaky right now.
BEAR15|Like I said, the bear flag breakdown is underway.
BULL16|It hasn't gotten that much more momentum, but like I said, if the price breaks down through these areas, then yeah, I think it could definitely pick up that much more momentum.
NEUT17|So let's see what happens with that.
NEUT18|Moving forward First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT19|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT20|But it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL21|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT22|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT23|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but.
BEAR24|In a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT25|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT26|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT27|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT28|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT29|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT30|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT31|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT32|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT33|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
