NEUT0|"""Hello Mike Swanson, Wall Street, window.com here today I want to talk with you about a hero of the stock market."
NEUT1|Someone who's not even a household name today, but the reality is, anybody who has successfully navigated the markets made money in the markets with methodology's, whether their fundamental analysis or technical analysis, or even better, a combination of the two has stood on the shoulders of Giants.
NEUT2|People who came before them and taught them what they have known maybe not hurt in person.
NEUT3|But in books, and that's certainly the case for people who've lived over 100 years before we had an one of the earliest pioneers in the financial markets was Charles Dow?
NEUT4|He co-founded the Wall Street Journal with Edwards and Jones way back in 1890.
NEUT5|But in the 1880s he was essentially a newsletter writer and a cop Reporter, and he took a trip out to the Midwest 4 Train four Day train ride, in which he joined many successful businessman Financieres.
NEUT6|On this trip who were just beginning to develop the American Midwest and the mining industry in natural resources, and he reported on that.
NEUT7|And came back to tell what he had to know and got the following doing so he made a funny statement about mining.
NEUT8|Securities said they're not the thing for widows and orphans, or country clergyman or unworldly people of any kind own.
NEUT9|But for the businessman who must take risks in order to make money, who will buy nothing without careful, thorough investigation will not risk more than he is able to lose.
NEUT10|There is no other investment.
NEUT11|In the market today, as tempting as mining stocks while he went on when he founded the Wall Street Journal to pioneer the Dow Jones 30 industrial average and the transportation average and helped educate people on technical analysis and Dow theory to understand the big trends in the market.
NEUT12|Now I'm not going to go through all with you about that in this video, but I do want to tell you.
NEUT13|That I'm running a special book giveaway offer my own book Strategic stock training, in which I took all the principles that I thought I learned that were the best when it comes to navigating the markets and put them into a concise.
NEUT14|About 100 page book for you and grab the book and you also get access into my private trading group.
NEUT15|You can get the book.
NEUT16|By going to the website Strategic Stock trading book or just click the link of this video or go to Wall Street window you can unround you'll find an image for it, but do that.
NEUT17|Right now.
NEUT18|"The supplies for this book are limited, so go to strategicstocktradingbook.com or click the link associated with this video and grab the offer and become a hero of the financial markets at yourself."""
