BULL0|"""Between March and May, the US federal reserved at $3 trillion in quantitative easing in a three month period of time through the bond market."
BULL1|But it wasn't only the bond market that responded between March in the middle of the summer, the price of gold rose by 42%, or as the price of silver rose by 150%.
NEUT2|But why is it that the price of Silver responded so much more strongly than the price of gold?
NEUT3|And what does it tell us about these two metals, potentially in the future?
NEUT4|So for starters, the starting conditions are very important.
NEUT5|At the time the rally and precious metals began, the gold silver ratio was at a record one ounce of gold was buying 120 ounces of silver back in March 2020.
NEUT6|Now compare that to 9 years earlier in 2011.
NEUT7|At that time, one ounce of gold, but only one quarter as much as silver, or in other words, 30 ounces of silver.
BULL8|So during the past decade, Gold had massively outperformed silver, and then after the Fed began its QE, things just snapped back in the other direction in Silver's favor.
BULL9|Taking that gold silver ratio close to its historical average of around 75 ounces of silver per ounce of gold.
NEUT10|With their main event, two other reasons for this.
NEUT11|First China.
NEUT12|Secondly, mining supply, both gold and silver are classified as precious metals.
NEUT13|However, they are not equally precious.
NEUT14|Gold has very few industrial uses whereas Silver has quite substantial industrial uses.
BULL15|Hence silver tends to respond more strongly to economic conditions in China, particularly to an alternative measure of China's industrial health called the League cartoon Index, which shows that China rebounded very, very strongly.
BULL16|In the months after the lockdowns and this winter and spring, where China's industrial growth got back to 789 percent year on year, that seems to have helped silver more than gold.
BEAR17|But Secondly, mining supply may also have played a role mining supply for gold and silver has been falling for both metals, but has been falling further and for longer for silver than it has for adult, so supply constraints may also have contributed to silver zraly.
NEUT18|Now going forward, quantitative easing is the big question.
BEAR19|the Fed is slowed down its pace of QE to just 25 billion a month.
BEAR20|That's a 97 1/2 percent slowdown from what it was doing earlier this year.
NEUT21|So since summertime, both metals have been trading sideways, but will be interesting to see is if the Federal Reserve picks up its pace of quantitative easing in 2021, perhaps in response to additional stimulus out of Washington should that occur, and will be interesting to see how these two metals react.
NEUT22|"I'm Erik Norland senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
