NEUT0|"""This is Alan Farley."
BEAR1|Facebook ended a very powerful rally up around 2:18 in July 2018 and then gap down more than 40 points in one day in reaction to the Cambridge Analytica privacy scandal, Sellers took control straight through the years end for the stock bottomed out right around the 1:30 level and it bottomed out right it a trendline going back a couple years.
BULL2|It spent most of 2019 trying to work its way back up to this prior high a caught in this big gap in the middle of the year, and that mark pretty much the high until the fourth quarter.
BEAR3|Now it finally completed the task, got back up to the prior height right at the start of the new year and made this this new high up around 223, then the pandemic hit in February, dropping the stock back to that trend line.
BULL4|Now the recovery after this March low unfolded, the same trajectory as the prior decline, creating this V shaped pattern which was extremely bullish.
BULL5|The stock broke out in May and it made a new high here and made a new high here and made a new high here.
BEAR6|I then topped your advertisers, announced a boycott against the company.
BEAR7|For alleged hate speech and it started a what about three or four day, 40 point slide or 38 point?
BULL8|Slide down to the 207 level now just as that boycott was getting going, traders stepped in and decided that it was a good buying opportunity.
NEUT9|They bought this deep dip and created yet another little V shape pattern.
BULL10|That's Gary Price right back to the June high.
NEUT11|Now this is extremely bullish and even more bullish if you looked at it on balance volume which measures accumulation.
BULL12|The stock just keeps making new highs even in the wake of the boycott.
BULL13|And it's just made another high.
BULL14|"Ahead of Price, bullish predicts the price will soon follow, perhaps as early as today, and this stock could very easily make its way up to a $300 price target in the third quarter."""
