BEAR0|"""Fears over global growth have seen market slide this week with investors fleeing to safer assets like German buns and US Treasurys joining me now to discuss what's been driving the volatility and what happens next is our capital markets editor Ralph Atkins, Ralph an extraordinary week in financial markets."
NEUT1|What's your assessment?
BEAR2|What's been going on when it has been the most turbulent week we've seen in financial market since the eurozone economic crisis?
BEAR3|And I think what's been happening, there's been a bit of a loss of collective confidence in global economic outlook, particularly in Europe, and that's sent to lots of people, as you said.
NEUT4|Into safer assets away from riskier assets in the eurozone, for instance, and the oil price has been implementing too, of course.
BEAR5|Yeah, no, that's not help.
BEAR6|The mood, because obviously the supply issues at work there, but also expectations that demand for oil will be weakening on the back of a slower economic outlook for the global economy.
BEAR7|And we saw this short movements in US bond yields on Wednesday.
NEUT8|What do you put that down to?
BULL9|Yeah, that was quite extraordinary.
BEAR10|We saw a massive drop all of a sudden in the yield on the 10 year Treasury, which was hard to explain, but it could well have been because.
BEAR11|A lot of investors were banking on interest rates going up as they came down and suddenly realized that they made the wrong bet.
NEUT12|They capitulated, and then what worried bankers?
BEAR13|I think a lot was sort of the speed of the correction which made lot people wonder whether actually the financial system is sort of malfunctioning as it has in the past.
NEUT14|Now what does this market turmoil across the road across the world?
NEUT15|Sorry, tell us about Europe and its recovery.
BEAR16|Do you think that the structural problems leftover from the eurozone crisis or perhaps worse than feared?
NEUT17|Well certainly.
NEUT18|Europe has been the sense of a lot of concerns.
BEAR19|I think there's a lot of pessimism about Europe at the IMF meetings last week, so why is that?
NEUT20|Well specifically about Greece and the political situation there, but also, whether for instance, the European Central Bank is going to have the mandate.
NEUT21|If you like from the politicians to launch Quantitive easing which a lot of investors think they need to avoid deflation, there's questions about sort of effectiveness in pushing through structural reforms in the big economies such as France and Italy.
NEUT22|Now throwing this forward, how do you think central bankers are going to act?
NEUT23|Janet Yellen.
NEUT24|Or speaking a short while ago, yeah.
NEUT25|What's interesting is that we've had hints towards the end of this week.
BEAR26|After all this turbulence that maybe they won't put up interest rates next year quite as fast as markets feared.
BULL27|Maybe even we could get another round of quantitative easing by the Fed.
NEUT28|So a bit of intimidation if you like by the markets of the central bankers.
NEUT29|Rough Atkins.
BULL30|"Thanks very much."""
