NEUT0|"""What's up traders who welcome to another C Space training video?"
NEUT1|As always, subscribers welcome, and if it's your first time doing one of my videos, I breakdown a variety of different stock using technical analysis and there's any news or any updates or anything fundamentally wise.
NEUT2|I'll definitely bring that to everyone's attention as well.
NEUT3|First off, this is the first time I've done this one Disney.
NEUT4|Just because I've been watching it for quite some time, and I figured I'd bring everyone else tension.
NEUT5|Just see what's going to happen now.
NEUT6|Could possibly happen in the future and what's to come over the next couple of months so you know, I had the weekly chart pulled up currently back in 2012.
NEUT7|Disney made a very very strong run all the way up until the, you know, the almost the end of 2015 and now it's been kind of doing basically this this bullish flag so we had this long flagpole here dating back for a couple years and then over the last couple years.
NEUT8|It's just been kind of, you know, he's got this wedges flag effect going and I actually even draw that out so.
NEUT9|You could see it so you touching the top of here and you're flying through hitting these pivot points.
NEUT10|Not to worry about that will discuss that in just a second.
NEUT11|Let's draw the other one which I like to get down here.
BEAR12|And kind of hit all these points at the bottom here.
NEUT13|So you have this.
NEUT14|This flag that's been flying for several months a couple of years and just in just a few weeks ago, this thing actually broke out.
NEUT15|And you thought that maybe this was about to take off and run for quite some time, but it actually came pouring back down after a bearish candle here on very high volume and now it's dip back in.
NEUT16|If you look at the daily.
NEUT17|You see how the evening star?
BEAR18|Bearish flags at the top of this this run up here have very high volume, mean lot of sellers came in and push this thing down and it kind of started trying to consolidate here along this trimline.
BEAR19|However just a few days ago it fell below and kind of try to come again.
NEUT20|Fell lower is trying to go again and now it just seems like I'm back in this in this channel here so I have to keep an eye on it if I had to guess.
NEUT21|You know for the next couple of weeks as things probably going to slowly trend down chopping along the way to probably come down.
BEAR22|Mr Bear good area of support around here as you have a couple times which is worse all now so it may go sideways.
NEUT23|Had to keep an eye out if they don't turn up now that it's longest line here.
NEUT24|However, if it falls below that, you're looking at the next levels down here.
NEUT25|Miss area around 103, and then you're probably going to want to bounce and then coming back at the bottom of this channel before turning back up.
NEUT26|However, the player not play is definitely not taking place down.
NEUT27|The play.
NEUT28|Is that going to take place when we actually get some kind of confirmation it busting out of this flag on either direction?
NEUT29|So if you're interested in following this doc and a variety of others, go ahead and click that subscribe button.
NEUT30|"If you got any value out of this, go ahead and click the like button and if you have any comments or any questions please do my mind asking below so guys appreciate it and you have a wonderful evening."""
