BULL0|"""We have confirmed from multiple sources that Apple is in discussions with Hyundai Kia to build an Apple car."
NEUT1|If you will, it will be a car that will be designed and developed by Apple.
NEUT2|It will be built potentially at the Kia plant in West Point, GA. That's about 90 miles Southwest of Atlanta.
BULL3|They have some available capacity there and according to our sources, Apple, an Hyundai Kia, are close to finalizing an agreement that would have that car built by Hyundai Kia here in North America.
BULL4|We have reached out to spokespersons for both Apple as well as Hyundai Kia.
NEUT5|Both of them declined to comment on this report, but we have it from multiple authorities that this train is going down the track.
NEUT6|Melissa that Apple will be building an Apple car tentatively scheduled for production to start in 2024, but all of the sources that we've talked with have said look, this could get pushed back to 2025.
NEUT7|Nothing is written in stone in terms of it's actually going to be rolling out at that time, but it will be an autonomous electric vehicle.
NEUT8|The focus on that last mile, which is so critical whether it's for Robo taxis or package delivery firms, and at least initially that's going to be the focus of this vehicle, Melissa.
NEUT9|Back to you Phil, remind me is Hyundai Kia.
BEAR10|The initial company that was reported, and then the deal was allegedly scrapped because they had gone to the press about it and etc etc.
NEUT11|OK, yes, but I should also point out Melissa.
NEUT12|Almost everybody that I've talked with on this who is familiar with these discussions has said don't be surprised if Apple is also in talks or has had talks.
NEUT13|With other automakers here, this is not an exclusive in terms of hey, this is the only company that we're going to work with and also everybody says the same thing is, we've seen this kind of reporting in the past with Apple and then nothing happens.
NEUT14|So at this point nothing has been finalized, but our sources indicate that they do plan on building an Apple car here in the US and that they are targeting that Kia plant in West Point GA, OK?
NEUT15|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT16|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
