BULL0|"""It is a really good time for investors that are positive on stocks."
NEUT1|First of all, the US presidential election is finally out of the way.
BULL2|Now in the days after the vote, markets had already pushed higher Deutsche Bank records.
BEAR3|It was the biggest two day rally in U.S. stocks after any election since 1900.
BULL4|After Joe Biden clinched the presidency, markets pushed higher still, but now we have a curveball.
BULL5|We have what looks like a meaningful breakthrough on a Corona virus vaccine from Pfizer.
NEUT6|Bio N tech.
NEUT7|This is exactly the combination that optimists have been hoping for.
NEUT8|So firstly, going back to politics, the key here is that Democrats have not, for now at least, taken the Senate.
BEAR9|That means we're likely to have a Democrat in the White House, but a split Congress and all things being equal, that will constrain the ambitions that Joe Biden's administration might have to raise taxes and regulation.
BULL10|And, broadly speaking, that's good for corporate America, and it's good for stocks.
NEUT11|Again, on politics, some markets are really worth watching.
BEAR12|The Chinese renminbi had a very volatile week.
BULL13|In election we but it ended up being the best week for the currency in a year, markets are betting that Joe Biden is going to have a much more constructive relationship with China over trade than Donald Trump.
BULL14|But the news that an important vaccine trial has proven to be more than 90% effective is a real shot in the arm in every sense of the word already.
NEUT15|Some investors were starting to say after the US election that actually the whole thing was a bit of a sideshow that the real driver for markets this year is the coronavirus pandemic.
NEUT16|If you fix that, you fix all kinds of parts of the market that are.
NEUT17|Kelly sensitive to the impact of the virus.
NEUT18|If you look at airlines hotels, anything that's particularly economically sensitive, like banks, this is what investors in those stocks have been hoping for all this time.
NEUT19|It's early days, but it's starting to look like the final weeks for 2020.
BULL20|"Could be somewhat more positive, at least for fund managers than the start."""
