NEUT0|"""Let's turn now to Dave Hager for more on Disney's earnings beat, he senior media analyst at Edward Jones Day."
BULL1|Good to see you.
BULL2|Thanks for joining us tonight afternoon.
BULL3|Clearly they're having a Goodyear, especially at the box office.
BULL4|Do you think they can continue this momentum?
BULL5|Well, certainly the company's been having a great year at the box office and it looks like the current quarter is going to continue that with the new addition of the Star Wars movies coming out.
NEUT6|Plus we have Frozen 2 sequel coming out as well.
BULL7|So it looks like in the near term will continue to see strength at the studios.
NEUT8|Then it's going to be a question of the other parts of the business such as the parks continuing to grow and then even the media business staying relatively steady.
NEUT9|In the near term, what about parks?
BULL10|Because they did report really solid results in their parks business and they've been raising ticket prices, so they clearly have pricing power.
BULL11|Yes, they certainly do appear to have pricing power, and we expect there could be some uplift in attendance, especially here in the US with the Star Wars Galaxy Edge attractions have rolled out both in California and in Florida, and there's still more to come on that the company had talked about.
NEUT12|California has a larger area of that attraction opening up next month and then Disney World in Florida has the same happening in January, so.
NEUT13|We feel like that should help drive additional growth, as it sounds like some people have actually been holding off on visiting those attractions until they're really fully open, right?
NEUT14|And, of course, a lot is riding on Disney Plus.
NEUT15|It's a money loser to begin with.
NEUT16|How soon do you think before it starts contribute to their top and bottom line?
NEUT17|It looks like it will really be several years before that starts actually contribute on the bottom line, certainly from a top line.
NEUT18|Revenue POV Disney.
BULL19|Plus we expect will start contributing pretty quickly.
NEUT20|The company looks like it's going to get a running start with their relationship with Verizon and then come March.
NEUT21|They'll start rolling out more countries in Europe so you know the revenue ramp up should start occurring pretty quickly, but there's a lot of expense associated with.
NEUT22|The investment in content and in getting the business up and running so still be several years before we expect it to contribute to the bottom line.
NEUT23|Dave Hager with Edward Jones again.
BULL24|Thanks for joining us tonight.
BULL25|"Thank you."""
