BULL0|"""Election aftermath the economy will survive."
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead.
BULL2|Will you get the insights you need to help navigate this turbulent world?
NEUT3|Whatever the final outcome for the presidency, the Republicans will retain control of the Senate.
BULL4|And that's good news for the economy.
NEUT5|Here's why.
BEAR6|The Senate will block most, if not all, tax increases that the Democrats desired.
BEAR7|That means no stock market killing rise in the capital gains tax, which would have devastated 401K's IR A's.
BEAR8|Pension plans and nonprofit endowment funds also know crushing increases in rates for higher incomes, which would have damaged struggling small businesses, most of which are taxed at personal income tax rates, avoiding a 33% increase in business taxes loosens up more money for investment to expand companies and to raise wages.
BULL9|Another positive result of the GOP keeping the Senate is that there will be no government takeover of health care.
BEAR10|No wonder health care stocks have roared upwards.
NEUT11|Other good things.
BEAR12|There will be no gutting the Supreme Court by expanding the number of justices packing the High Court would have severely undermined the Constitution.
NEUT13|The judiciary is supposed to be the independent third branch of government, undermining that independence by adding new, politically beating judges whenever there's a change of government would have been a travesty.
NEUT14|Making the US and the rule of law no different than corrupt Third World countries.
BEAR15|The desire of the far left, who are owed First Amendment protections of free speech and 2nd Amendment rights to bear arms will also be thwarted.
BEAR16|Repeal of the law that allows states to ban forced unionization will not happen.
BULL17|Freedom from crushing work rules that often accompany unionization will help our competitiveness.
NEUT18|There will also be no statehood for the District of Columbia, which would have been a gross violation of the Constitution.
BEAR19|But make no mistake, if Joe Biden does ultimately win the White House, he and his appointees will enact harmful regulations, especially in the areas of energy and labor regulations.
BEAR20|Our energy independence will be jeopardized and small enterprises will be particularly harmed by having to comply with swarms of smothering new rules instead of focusing on expanding their businesses.
BULL21|Nonetheless, the prospects for the American economy are brighter with the GOP keeping the Senate.
NEUT22|I'm Steve Forbes.
NEUT23|Thank you for listening.
BULL24|"Do send in your comments and suggestions and I look forward to being with you soon again."""
