NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol AMZN Amazon."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame for not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Well, the movement on Amazon continues an as a quick little update here, close at 3383 after hours.
NEUT4|Right now up there around the 3400 marking all had the news and all that come out with Bezos.
NEUT5|You know the news?
NEUT6|Well, point here being that it's I realized that there is after hours movement going on.
NEUT7|But that's the problem with after hours and not really problem with just the unknown part you have all of after hours then you evolve premarket.
NEUT8|So where are where?
NEUT9|Is Amazon awesome going to open up?
NEUT10|I'm not quite sure about what I want to do is just map out a couple of key levels and then depending on where the price opens up.
NEUT11|Relative to these areas, that will give you a better gauge of things, but the level of resistance that, as of right now the price is not is not up above, it's close, but it's going to be that will call it 3430 Mark.
NEUT12|That's basically the high powering all this Eric yeah, 3430 right up there.
BEAR13|That's going to break out error so if the price often does open up above that area, you know that would be a sign that, OK, you know a breakout is officially underway, and at that point you know squeezing on the Charter, you can see that that would be putting the price up at areas that have not been seen for a very, very long time.
NEUT14|In fact, these are some old annotations.
NEUT15|So let me just.
NEUT16|Get rid of those out of the way right now so there we go, so we'll jump back in there.
NEUT17|But so that's what I said.
NEUT18|From perspective wise.
NEUT19|You know if the price can break above there, which it looks like it's got a very legitimate chance of potentially doing that would be a key breakout point.
NEUT20|If the price pulls back.
NEUT21|Then the key level of support now to keep an eye on is at the 3360 mark, but as of now again the pricing isn't anywhere close to 3360, but you never know all of after hours and then all of premarket.
NEUT22|So maybe, just maybe, that level of support does come into play, but it's definitely an area that a lot of people will be watching, rightfully so.
NEUT23|That's an important area of support to watch.
NEUT24|So overall though, more of the story here is that those are going to two main levels from the technical point of view to watch moving into Wednesday, so we'll see how the craziness plays out, but I'm sure there's going to be plenty of eyeballs watching First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT25|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT26|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL27|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT28|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT29|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT30|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT34|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT36|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT37|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT38|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT39|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT40|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
