BEAR0|"""Thomas writes everyone who didn't believe in stock markets is wrong for the moment, but in the short term, there are so many questions left unanswered."
NEUT1|Bad loans unemployed's you know exactly what will happen to the economy.
BULL2|Can the rally be sustained?
BEAR3|I think there will be a pause for breath, but certainly I think that on a 12 month view, equities have materially further to run.
NEUT4|If you wanted some point forecast to provide me with injured course, I'd say the S&P 500 can get 3800 points by the middle of the year next year and 4000 or 4100 points by the end of next year.
BULL5|And that's based on what I'm projecting for corporate earnings per share where the outlook is increasingly Rosie and the expectation, Interestingly that there will be a modest compression.
NEUT6|The price that investors are proud path pay to participate in future profits growth and underpinning all of this, of course, is the expectation that bond yields will stay low that the Federal Reserve will remain accommodative.
NEUT7|And Mr. Biden will spend some more money.
NEUT8|What if we don't get the stimulus, but if you don't get stimulus in the US?
NEUT9|And what if we see the whites of inflation 2021?
NEUT10|Well, there are two sorts of stimulus that we should think about.
NEUT11|The first is whether or not we get further fiscal stimulus.
NEUT12|And of course we've not spent all of the money that was allocated in the CARES Act passed into law by Team Trump on the 27th of March.
NEUT13|That was two spot, 2 trillion and not all of that is gone.
NEUT14|And indeed, a lot of that money has ended up on household balance sheets where savings rates have risen, so it only actually requires the consumer to open their wallet, spend more in 2021.
BEAR15|Thea positive tailwind with corporate earnings per share.
NEUT16|There is then the issue what happens with Federal Reserve.
NEUT17|I would suggest the Federal Reserve are likely to remain keen to remain easy to cause.
BULL18|Inflation does remain low for now.
BULL19|"I absolutely accept that it will increase into course, but for now the Fed is exhibiting all of the signs that it is still caring about bond yields and therefore by extension equity prices."""
