NEUT0|"""Welcome back also here today we've got another Chinese company for you is going to be jd.com."
NEUT1|You may or may not have heard of it, but it has a ticker symbol of JD which is very easy to remember and also remember to smash that like button does.
NEUT2|So by the time quite a bit and also if you are new to the channel welcome.
NEUT3|It will be awesome if you did subscribe and also remember that do post videos from Monday to Friday talking about different companies and the world of finance.
NEUT4|So jumping things off here we got a market cap of 126.7.
NEUT5|4 billion and EPS of a 0.15 and four dividend and yield of Nada.
NEUT6|They do not have a dividend unfortunately, but that's like most of these type of companies.
NEUT7|Anyways, in August, jd.com agreed to purchase a controlling interest in Cui E Express Company for $432 million and this transaction will take place through a combination of buying both existing shares as well as newly issued shares.
NEUT8|If you are unfamiliar with what coreexpress does, they are a Courier company that specializes in limited time Express.
NEUT9|In other news, JD Health is set to raise $3 billion in its Hong Kong listing.
NEUT10|The listing is set to launch as soon as December, according to people that are familiar with the situation.
BULL11|Back in May, jd.com announced a partnership with Quiz Shoe, which is the main rival for Tik Tok's sister company, which has also 300,000,000 users, an one that has been talked about many times on this channel is to be able to leverage influencers trust, which will help in the sale of products from jd.com.
NEUT12|The app itself will allow customers to purchase.
NEUT13|Through the app itself instead of being transferred to jd.com jd.com also set up a JD Convenience Store brand which will allow shop owners to introduce a bakery into their stores.
NEUT14|JD will also include services such as branding, design management while also giving advice on where to put the location an which products to sell at this time product such as Donuts Am Bread will be baked at the stores themselves.
NEUT15|Continuing on in April, the company announced that they will be investing 6 billion RMB into Hubway.
NEUT16|Over the next three years, the investment will be used to support three major sectors, including new infrastructure, construction, industry support and poverty alleviation.
NEUT17|When it comes to the new infrastructure construction that they will establish an intelligent supply chain and intelligent logistics for industry support, the company will provide support for local brands.
BULL18|An ** ES at the moment they have already began reducing expenses and have been helping companies get back to work.
NEUT19|As for poverty alleviation, the company will focus on the sales of agricultural products from.
NEUT20|Four areas in Holbay through promotions.
NEUT21|Another partnership that made that April is one with Dada Group and this partnership will allow for it and assess these two be shipped to customers within one hour of ordering.
NEUT22|They saw the launch of around 100,000 JD DJ branded online stores including around 100 Chain supermarket and stores such as Walmart.
NEUT23|The partnership allow customers to receive more than 3,000,000 products within one hour and some within 15 minutes.
NEUT24|Some of the companies that jumped in on this are Coca Cola.
NEUT25|Not through spring, P&G CS Bonan Budweiser also over the past year, three separate Japanese companies open stores on jd.com.
NEUT26|These companies are alcohol which is a fashion jewelry brand Muji Anatori, which sells 30 different product series covering mattresses, wardrobes, sofas, coffee tables, TV cabinets and others.
NEUT27|But anyways, Member Smash that like Button does help, but I'm quite a bit and if you're new to channel welcome it would be awesome if you did subscribe.
NEUT28|Also remember that post videos from Monday to Friday talk about different companies and the world of finance.
NEUT29|And I'll see each and everyone of you back here on tomorrow for a new video.
BULL30|Thank you so much.
BULL31|"Bless each and everyone of you have a wonderful rest of the day."""
