NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, February 27th."
BULL1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, Anio will upgrade its vehicles soon.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
BULL3|If Nio's lead our supplier and no visions, product quality proves reliable then NIO will upgrade not only its ET7 sedan but also existing ES 8 E S6 and EC6 models with Ladar Anio will work with the new version to meet its goal of deliveries by the first quarter of next year on January 9th.
NEUT4|NIO held an IO Day 2020 in Chengdu to unveil its first flagship sedan.
NEUT5|The 87 the sedan is equipped with one ultra long range, high precision LADAR from a no vision and no vision was founded in Silicon Valley in November 2016 and its main product is currently a hybrid solid state Lidar.
NEUT6|In 2018, NIO Capital invested in a No vision, an iOS.
NEUT7|Ladar will have an Ultra wide 120 degree viewing angle and Ultra high resolution of 300 lines equivalent and an ultralong detection range of up to 500 meters.
BULL8|Analysts at height on securities believe that Alydar with along detection Range High Resolution.
NEUT9|Low cost and integration is the only LADAR that will become a mainstream mass production vehicle at this stage an IO is giving a no vision orders for its popular mass production model which will help you know vision.
BULL10|Open up the automotive market quickly if it can be delivered smoothly and no vision is set to close a new round of $60 million in funding, valuing it at $300 million with investors including Temasek, Bertelsmann, Asia Investments and Joy Capital participating in the round.
NEUT11|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT12|If you haven't subscribed yet.
NEUT13|Make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT14|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL15|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT16|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT17|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
