NEUT0|"""Hey guys, going everyone out to Penny stock that we did mention on Sunday on our Sunday night special and I don't want to give it to them as a lot of volume did come in and a lot of people were curious if it's still going to break out here now before we get started."
NEUT1|Quick disclaimer.
NEUT2|Anything we do mention is purely for in purposes.
NEUT3|If you guys would like to introduce to recommend contact center professional.
BULL4|However we have been going play by play day by day throughout the whole month and plan on doing this right the whole year.
NEUT5|So if you guys want to see more entries and breakouts I have to do is subscribe.
NEUT6|Hit the Bell location and you will be notified at a timely matter.
NEUT7|Again much love to everyone that describe we do all out Monday through Friday on entries and breakouts.
NEUT8|So again, be on lookout for those.
NEUT9|Now we're going to next step.
NEUT10|Here you can see we have been talking about RWC for quite awhile and we want to mention this one again as we did previously.
NEUT11|Break out of the 297 resistance and bought into this one and traded this one and sold it on the sell off and we said if it did recover and break 385 we would buy into it and it sure enough did break out an we did buy into an we are going to see if this one does break the 5:50 range again that is my next resistance.
NEUT12|If it does break that I do plan on buying into it and possibly day trading or swing trading again this one has came up quite a bit so I definitely would be careful but however.
NEUT13|Using volatility on this one, and I want to keep this one I watch now, I'm going to five minutes so you can see what I'm looking at here so you can see we have spiked up quite a bit and we did have a huge sell off.
BULL14|As you can see on the chart and we are trying to recover.
BEAR15|We do see a gap up here in a possible recovery.
BEAR16|Again we saw this gap up an possible recovery as we saw on SPC before and we do see a possible break out on the gap filler on the candle Wick here so we will see if this one does break 5:50.
NEUT17|This one is definitely watch.
NEUT18|This is not a recommendation is what I'll be doing.
BULL19|But however a lot of volume has been coming in.
NEUT20|I do see a ton of volatility an if this one does go crazy and.
NEUT21|Think it will go parabolic possibly so I do like the volatility and I will let the play come to us as usual on this one.
NEUT22|I do want this one to break 5:50 until I buy into this one because I want to buy on the bull from as usual.
NEUT23|So again much love to everyone that has been in here watching our entries and breakouts.
NEUT24|We have been calling 30% gainers almost every single day.
NEUT25|So if you guys do want to see more of you guys know what to do and everybody that has been in the comment section which lets you all an every distance subscribing you guys going crazy for me and I couldn't appreciate you more as usual and if you guys do have a watch list throw in the comment section anything on your mind in the comment section where I was in the show and love.
BULL26|"God bless you all and I'll see you next video."""
