NEUT0|"""So I wanted to take a look at Netflix since today they released their earnings."
BEAR1|The stock closed in the green today at .79%, but the stock did go down almost 10% due to poor earning reports, which I don't think were as bad as people say they are.
BULL2|The company said they added ten point 1,000,000 paying customers globally, more than 8.3 million average analysts estimated.
NEUT3|But I guess many of the new users that joined Netflix would have joined regardless down the road if it weren't for the virus.
BULL4|Making this whole outlook subsequent quarters less impressive and the company now forecast 2.5 million new subscribers for the third quarter, about half as many as the analysts were predicting, while the stock did have a major correction after hours, we have to remember that it is up 46% this year for one of the best returns in the S&P 500 index.
BULL5|And even though the stock takes a deserved breather, which I think this is like a healthy correction, it still remains one of the giant leaders in the whole streaming industry way ahead of Disney another.
BEAR6|Like other streaming services, Disney, they're struggling right now because a lot of their revenue comes from parks and their Disney Plus has like a limited exclusives.
NEUT7|I think the only thing good they had was the Mandalorian and the the new Hamilton movie that they just upload it so well.
BEAR8|People are complaining that Disney Plus content is a little bit dried up.
BEAR9|Netflix hasn't been affected to the same degree because much of its planned new content for the year was already at or near completion and so it will take longer for Netflix users to experience the programming drought.
BULL10|That Disney Plus has experience also.
BULL11|Another interesting thing I read is that Google's YouTube TV just recently surprised its customers by raising their monthly fee up 30% to $65 a month.
BULL12|And this thing just kind of signals Netflix that they too can also raise their own standard from 13 a month because to be honest, you're getting a lot of good content on Netflix for only $13.00 a month an I think that when they do raise their prices 'cause they feel like they do have to eventually and that's going to be really good for the stock 'cause it will just mean more revenue.
NEUT13|Just think about it there, only charging people roughly like $13.00 a month for their subscription service and their stock price is still continuing to go up.
NEUT14|So maybe right now it wouldn't be a good idea, because if their stock prices going as high then they must be doing something right.
BULL15|The company's revenue grew at 6.15 billion with earnings per share of 1.59, and I think analysts were expecting like 1.84 their earnings per share.
NEUT16|So I just wanted to bring a little bit of awareness to the stock.
BEAR17|I think it's been going up for a bit too long.
NEUT18|I was always very interested to buy some Netflix shares, but I've been just sitting in the sidelines because I've been waiting for a good correction happen.
NEUT19|I remember when the stock was trading in the low three hundreds and never would have guessed that their price would hit almost 600 in the past months.
NEUT20|I've always been a long term investor, so seeing this company in like 10 years, 10 or 15 years, I think their stock price will probably reach even 1000, so that's what I have on this stock today.
NEUT21|Let me know what you guys think.
BULL22|If you guys are interested in buying Netflix, I know it's a very strong and one of the more stable companies I've ever seen right now.
NEUT23|"So just let me know what you guys think."""
