BULL0|"""And thanks for watching this quick video."
NEUT1|An update on SPY or SPDR data follows.
NEUT2|This is a trust.
NEUT3|They just follow the SCP-500 index.
NEUT4|So rather than being in index that IT support of the biggest 500 company in the US, We are just in the stock market using this SP.
NEUT5|Why that just follows that this is a trust that just followed it index.
NEUT6|So if you open the index Sep 500 you can see that the price.
NEUT7|Moments of death index are exactly the same of this SPY, so the idea is that old again because of the situation based on fundamental analysis that the coronavirus is still with us viruses with us.
NEUT8|So second wave and US started lock them in a kind of lock down in Texas of California and Florida.
BEAR9|Perhaps Apple is shutting down, closing some stores, etc etc.
BEAR10|And so this is not a good sign for the economy.
BEAR11|This is absolutely not good sign for the economy.
NEUT12|Even be cause a lot of big companies like via like like Coca Cola.
NEUT13|They just you know even stopping or we draw all the advertisement from Facebook and Twitter.
BEAR14|So this is this is just a sign that you know that the economy is slowing down.
NEUT15|So because in the SP why Facebook and Facebook and Apple are some of the biggest company in this index so but there are others as well.
NEUT16|Comments on Microsoft that performing quite well, But anyway the idea is just to hold for now, or if you want to risk a little bit more just based on taking analysis, might be an opportunity to go down up to 280 level because generally once this trend line is broken, this depth of the height of this pattern is going to be projected from the breakout point, so this age should be this.
NEUT17|One should be our target price, but I would hold because it's very tricky and complicated market right now.
NEUT18|And there is still an option that perhaps if I don't know how it's going to be possible, perhaps that other way that price can keep going up is that and this one is going to be the new Baltimore, and you can be new can be seen as a new boat tour of of this of a new trend line.
NEUT19|So this is an opportunity can be seen even another opportunity where the price at this point can just go up by this this scenario.
NEUT20|This can be seen as scenarios where.
NEUT21|With this trend line that that would do something like that changing just direction, this is a possible viable scenarios.
NEUT22|Well, so that's why the idea is to hold right now.
NEUT23|But this scenario is I don't know.
NEUT24|Maybe some fundamental analysis, it's very tricky.
BEAR25|It's very hard to have this scenario right now because of coronavirus and protest in the US.
NEUT26|"So this is my understanding of this market, and because there are those two options still open, hold, hold, thanks bye."""
