BULL0|"""Markets are higher and interest rates are relatively well behaved."
BEAR1|Yes, there is somewhat higher but nothing significant and that is completely consistent with the employment report because the bottom line of the employment report is strong, non inflationary drop growth and that is music to the ears of markets.
NEUT2|Mohammed.
NEUT3|The 9:16 you want to add the eighty 9002 so it's a 7 figure number and their predictions were going to keep doing 7 figures.
NEUT4|How was that not the kind of substantial further progress the Fed is looking for, which it set as the criteria for reducing its asset purchases.
NEUT5|So the important thing is that if we can continue at this pace and it's a big if.
NEUT6|But if we can continue you bring back into the labor force, people who have exited.
BEAR7|So remember we still running about 8,000,000 below where we were in terms of overall levels before the pandemic hit, and that's what the Fed is focused on.
NEUT8|That's what chair Powell has told us the question to Chair Powell is, can you really bring the 8,000,000 back into the marketplace without causing?
NEUT9|Cost push inflation, and that's what we're going to find out over the next few months.
NEUT10|Mom and I I guess I I said this morning at 7:00 o'clock and and please feel free to respond to this.
BEAR11|I think the Fed has a hard time maintaining $120 billion of monthly purchases of assets if we do a million jobs from here through June.
NEUT12|I think that argues to me that the Fed ought to.
NEUT13|I don't know if it will, but ought to be tapering those purchases down by then by the summer.
NEUT14|So Steve, you've made a distinction between what should happen and what's likely to happen on what should happen.
BULL15|I totally agree with you.
NEUT16|They should be start to indicate that they will be slowly taking their foot off the monitor accelerator at a time when the fiscal accelerator is pedal to the metal, and at the time when they should increase macroprudential regulation.
NEUT17|That's what they should do.
NEUT18|But this Fed has indicated to the marketplace, and the marketplace believes that the Fed is not going to do that.
NEUT19|That the Fed is going to wait until there is actual inflation persisting in the economy before doing this.
NEUT20|So the marketplace has taken the feds word to heart and is an it is behaving as if you can have the economy improve and the liquid ITI paradigm supported by the fund coexist without any problem.
NEUT21|Whether it should or not.
NEUT22|You and I say hey be careful this is quite a combination, but the marketplace believes the Fed.
NEUT23|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT24|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
