NEUT0|"""How does it affect, if at all, the investment thesis in software, particularly where it applies to security?"
BULL1|Thank you for having me on the show.
NEUT2|I think this is going to prove to be actually a real demand event on a go forward basis and you can think about it in in a couple of ways.
NEUT3|One, the demand on the security vendors themselves.
NEUT4|I think what we'll find is given the exposed vulnerabilities that this shows the fact that the bad guys could still get into even are more secure networks in the government even into a security company like Fire Eye.
NEUT5|Really shows that there's more work to be done on that security side of the equation in the near term.
NEUT6|What we're going to do is understand what those vulnerabilities are, and it looks like the supply chain in terms of bringing software into your environment is an exposable inability.
NEUT7|How do we address that number 1 #2?
NEUT8|How do we fix the problem, right?
NEUT9|There's going to be a lot of time spent investigating where has this hacked on what has been compromised, what's good, and what's bad in your systems, and that's going to take a lot of human capital.
NEUT10|A lot of people power to be put into the equation.
NEUT11|And a lot of tools, active threat hunting tools going into into the environment to find out where you've been breached, what's good, and what's bad, and then how do we respond on a go forward basis to make sure this doesn't happen again.
NEUT12|The bottom line is that you're not going to be able to stop all the threats, but what you can do is more actively monitor what's going on in your environment to try to find this stuff faster, right?
BEAR13|We're going to find is the most malicious part of this is it's been persistent in these environments for up to nine months.
NEUT14|Well, let's talk more about Microsoft.
BEAR15|Itself, you note that it's been sort of stuck for most of the last half of the year, and I'm looking at its movement relative to Apple.
NEUT16|What happened to Microsoft just from a trade perspective in the back half of the year?
NEUT17|And what do you think it will take in 2021 to get in gear?
BULL18|Sure, so I think part of what happened with the Microsoft is that you went from a period of really great results.
NEUT19|Microsoft pretty much had two straight years of every key.
NEUT20|Performance Indicator was open to the right heading in the right direction.
BULL21|Revenues were accelerating, margins were heading up and over the past two quarters they've had to deal with one covid and there was some real impacts on their business from Covid and two tougher compares.
BEAR22|So it's not like the results have been poor.
BULL23|Your earnings estimates are still going up.
BULL24|They're still doing well, but not as well as they had been doing in that prior.
BEAR25|So there's something of a downshifting in the overall multiple people weren't wearing to pay that peak multiple for results that we're still good but not those peak results.
NEUT26|I think a lot of that has come to into this stock.
NEUT27|The multiple is pulled back is trading at around 26 times on our calendar, 22 numbers, which is a more reasonable level, so one that's the good set up into 2021.
BULL28|What gets to stop working again, in my opinion, is seeing better results in Azure that that growth starting to stabilize and.
NEUT29|What we see is one of the primary sort of increased spending activities going on in 2021, which is going to be public cloud computing.
NEUT30|That's going to accrue lots of Microsoft that gets us fundamentally positive on them, and then two just getting past these tough compares.
NEUT31|You had a really big PC refresh cycle going on in 2020.
NEUT32|Nineteen that becomes a tougher compare once you get over that that you don't have as much of a headwind, you had some good product cycles going on in server and tools.
NEUT33|Once you get past that or the.
NEUT34|The tough comparison that is just going to be a much clearer road ahead to the good parts of the equation.
NEUT35|Showing through to Microsoft's bottom line, right?
NEUT36|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT37|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
