NEUT0|"""What are the most common questions we get asked at the fool is what is the difference between a growth in a value stock, a lot of investors see these terms thrown around and they're kind of confused by them."
NEUT1|So that growth and a value stock.
NEUT2|Are there two different ways of classifying different characteristics of stocks?
NEUT3|Now a value stock is a stock that tendril you as an investor believe is trading for a deep discount to its intrinsic value.
NEUT4|Now you look at the assets of that company and you think they're worth expert.
NEUT5|The markets in pricing that why?
NEUT6|So?
NEUT7|If you're a value investor, you're generally buying companies expecting.
BULL8|The value of them of their shares to rise back to their intrinsic value.
NEUT9|Now, if you're in growth investor, on the other hand, what you're actually looking at is the future earnings potential of tomorrow.
NEUT10|You see potentially disruptive company that you think could be make a real splash in, you know their industry in the future.
NEUT11|So a growth stock is a stock that maybe there are younger company they might not have proven their chops as much, but you've got a lot of faith in him, so you're buying them for tomorrow.
NEUT12|So those are the two characteristics there, and there's a couple of telltale signs that you can use to identify when you're looking at a growth stock versus a value stock.
NEUT13|So if you're looking at a value stock, some of the things you'll commonly see our stock that's trading at a discount in terms of valuation to the market.
BEAR14|So whether that be a low price to earnings ratio or low price to book ratio, these are stocks that also tend to pay a dividend, and they, generally speaking, have fallen out of favor with the market.
NEUT15|They may not necessarily be the darlings that they were a few years ago.
NEUT16|Meanwhile, a growth stock on the other hand, is typically going to be a younger company and a company whose earnings growth has outpaced that of their industry.
NEUT17|But they're trading at a premium to the industry valuations, but.
NEUT18|USC investor you have faith on on their growth for tomorrow, so you're willing to accept that little bit of a pricey valuation on them.
NEUT19|And they tend to not pay dividends because they're busy reinvesting that money in their own internal growth.
NEUT20|Now, some of the examples that I can think of around the office say many, many fools out there believe that Berkshire Hathaway is a value stock that is trading at a deep discount to what is the intrinsic value of the company.
BULL21|But we've also had some very successful growth picks over the years.
NEUT22|Some of our foolish favourites like Netflix, Intuitive Surgical, and Amazon.
BULL23|Will be great examples of of high growth stocks.
NEUT24|Now I don't want investors to take these definitions as a mutually exclusive term.
NEUT25|You're not a value investor versus growth investor, and I fundamentally believe that both types of stocks have a space in every investor's portfolio.
NEUT26|It Warren Buffett said it best when he said growth in value investing or joined at the hip, and I believe that to be true and it's really up to you, the investor to based on whatever your investment objectives are in your goals as to how you want to balance your portfolio to one or the other.
BULL27|I'm awesome, Smith.
BULL28|Thanks for watching.
NEUT29|"And if you're looking for more foolish investing tips, make sure you tune into our YouTube channel or head over to fool.com to get more information on all of your favorite growth and value stocks."""
