BULL0|"""Hey everybody, Jason Moser here with you from Motley Fool."
NEUT1|One thanks for joining us for another installment of Ask a Fool now.
NEUT2|This week's question is submitted to us from JT 4 Bus on Facebook, who asks should you buy stocks during earning report weeks and I think everybody probably has their own philosophy on this, but personally I think that earnings season can present us some of the best opportunities to buy stocks.
NEUT3|So yes, I think it's something worth keeping in mind.
NEUT4|Recently we had noted investor Chuck AKA here to talk to many of us at full HQ and he mentioned this sort of thing on Wall Street.
NEUT5|This dilemma this beat by a penny missed by a penny syndrome where the street gets so focused on these short term targets.
NEUT6|These short term earnings targets that they fail to see the forest for the trees.
BEAR7|Really the quality of the business and its long term prospects so many times we see solid businesses will miss their earnings estimates by a penny or even more.
BEAR8|Or maybe they offer up less guidance going forward than what the market was expecting.
NEUT9|In the stock price will take a big hit, but that's not necessarily indicative of the quality of the business, so the fundamentals of the business are still there.
NEUT10|I mean, this can certainly mean a great opportunity for longer term investors to swoop in there and buy shares, and I'll give you a real life example of one that just recently happened here, linked in a company that we follow here.
BEAR11|It virtually virtually every service in the Mali Fool recently announced their earnings and there were some concerns with forward guidance and some implications on its marketing strategy.
BEAR12|The stock quickly fell 13% the very next day and it's down.
BULL13|18% since that earnings report now any of us who follow the company concede that LinkedIn is really still firing on all cylinders, doing a lot of good stuff.
NEUT14|And in those short term concerns weren't really concerns that we shared the business.
NEUT15|US hasn't changed at all.
BULL16|In fact, we think it's stronger than ever, and so that if you have an inclination to look at, link to look at LinkedIn as a potential opportunity, then now very well may be a great time to buy shares.
NEUT17|And it was all thanks to that short term thinking from the street during earnings season so.
BULL18|Definitely earning seasons.
NEUT19|A great a great time to keep those stocks on your watch list in mind.
NEUT20|Great question.
NEUT21|Thanks again for asking for more on this and for everything else.
NEUT22|"Investing head on over to fool com."""
