BULL0|"""Hello everyone and welcome to adopt external special."
NEUT1|In this video will be talking about NCN coin and their network which is the new kind of network and our price forecast for it over the next couple of days.
NEUT2|Now let's go ahead and get started.
NEUT3|Alright, well what is ankhian coin and what is the new kind of network?
NEUT4|It is an open source protocol for public blockchain based peer to peer networks to share network bandwidth and Internet connectivity very quick quickly about the North Pole cases for NKN.
BEAR5|Include content delivery system, pretty great edge computing, dechard secure messaging app, inancial well these guys have been falling very heavily and there basically the coin that lost the most over the past 24 hours.
BEAR6|And of course if you've seen the price of Bitcoin it quickly felt down over the past couple of hours.
NEUT7|Well this is something normal and this happens quite often during an outgoing and Bitcoin season, so it is not something that was.
NEUT8|Are expected because we couldn't break the 60 K, so we're testing once again what's going on and these guys with derivatives and futures contracts are going crazy so.
NEUT9|Basically, more of a trading time and this creates a huge opportunity for those who haven't joined the party or have, for example, Tether and these guys that are basically falling down then when Bitcoin recovers out, coin will pump even stronger and we do expect that over the period of the next couple of days.
BULL10|Of course, if Bitcoin recovers the price that was the highest today and this was about 58 fifty $9000, then we can certainly see over 30%.
NEUT11|As well for Ankhian, however, of course he's not financial advice, so keep this one in mind.
NEUT12|This is just our price prediction.
NEUT13|Will see whether this is going to happen or not.
BULL14|Well, we thank you so much once again.
NEUT15|And if you enjoy pleasing and watching these videos, much dislike button.
NEUT16|Subscribe to the channel and we'll be seeing you in the next one.
NEUT17|"Bye."""
