NEUT0|"""Fools, the Federal Reserve has been commanding a lot of attention from investors lately as people try to figure out what the next stage of its monetary policy is going to look like."
BULL1|On Wednesday, the Fed gave us a good sense of what we can expect in the future, beginning its tapering of its quantitative easing program, but also signaling its intent to keep monetary policy accommodative going forward.
NEUT2|But what does that mean for the bond market?
NEUT3|My name is Dan Caplinger.
NEUT4|I'm the Motley Fool's director of investment planning.
NEUT5|Today I want to take a look at the feds taper an what impact is likely to have on bonds.
BEAR6|Now Bond investors have been very nervous about the prospect of the Fed exiting quantitative easing because its bond buying activity has done a lot to keep interest rates from rising anymore than they already have.
BULL7|Even with the feds influence, long term rates have risen substantially over the past six months and there's every indication that investors think that it would rise.
NEUT8|Even more, once the Fed decides to stop its bond buying, but the taper didn't have as huge of an impact on the bond market and on bond ETF's like the I shares Barclays 20 plus year Treasury or the I shares Barclays Tips Bond ETF's.
NEUT9|Many had thought and the reason was pretty simple.
BEAR10|The tapering was minimal in its affect.
BEAR11|the Fed only reduced its monthly purchases by $10 billion.
NEUT12|It's still buying a total of 75 billion.
NEUT13|In Treasurys, an agency backed bonds and so it's not that huge of a move at this point.
BULL14|Plus the Fed also said that it intends to keep its short term rate policy very accommodative even in light of falling, unemployment rates, and so that points to a favorable environment.
NEUT15|For bonds that could last a lot longer than some investors had thought.
BEAR16|And that's much of why those bond ETF's didn't fall as much as some had feared, and why.
BEAR17|Bearish investments like the pro shares ultrashort Treasury 20 plus year didn't rise as much as some had expected to see.
NEUT18|Now it's inevitable that bond rates are going to rise as a result of the taper in the future, but that doesn't mean that it's going to go at the same pace as quicker pace, as many investors fear and so divesting yourself entirely of your bond exposure probably doesn't make sense for any but the most aggressive investors.
NEUT19|Look forward now for more on the bond market and keeping up to date with the Federal Reserve's latest actions.
NEUT20|Be sure to stay tuned to full.com.
BULL21|"Thanks for watching and full on."""
