NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol, AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, now that the dust has settled on this one, a couple of very straightforward levels that a lot of people will be watching, so I want to make this very apparent up front that I'm not trying to come across.
NEUT5|Report Ray myself like this is some sort of special skill on my part, or that I've discovered something that nobody else has seen the exact opposite.
NEUT6|I assure you, people that use charts understand charts have taken notice of these levels, and they're going to be watching wondering the exact same thing, and I bring all that up because when a lot of people are watching the same areas and wondering the same thing is called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want.
NEUT7|It can definitely produce some very dynamic movements.
NEUT8|And that's what we have with each of these areas.
NEUT9|So the first level here that everybody is going to be keeping an eye on is that pink line right there, which on my chart to notes the very well known.
NEUT10|The very famous two hundred.
NEUT11|Moving average.
NEUT12|I mean, even if you have a basic understanding of charts, I'm sure you've heard of the two hundred.
NEUT13|Moving average and you know that when the price is up above it, you know it tends to act as support.
NEUT14|And that's exactly what happened, right there.
NEUT15|So my point here is this, and by no means is anything guaranteed, but I'm just trying to get across the idea that you know it's a more than valid.
NEUT16|It's a more than rational thought to have that if the price were to come down here to right around one fifteen, which is, you know, basically the value of that two hundred.
NEUT17|Moving average, which you can see right there.
BEAR18|But if the price were to go down there and breakthrough that level that break in and of itself could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure.
NEUT19|Again, not guaranteed, but a more than valid and plausible thought to have so definitely going to keep an eye on the 1:15 mark.
NEUT20|On the flip side of things, the level that all the breakout players are going to be watching rightfully so is gonna be that purple line up there.
NEUT21|The 50.
NEUT22|Simple moving average currently valid right up around one 1825.
NEUT23|Again, same exact logic.
NEUT24|Nothing is guaranteed, but it's more than plausible.
NEUT25|It's more than valid to think that you know if the price is able to battle its way back up to that area and get a break up through it.
NEUT26|That break in and of itself could create quite a bit of upside buying pressure, so that's going to be another level that you're going to watch very closely, but definitely very well defined pattern right now, so it'll be very interesting to see how this one plays out relative to these couple of price levels moving forward.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL30|So being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR33|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT36|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT37|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT38|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT41|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
