BEAR0|"""What's going on guys?"
NEUT1|I'm Angela tender in your watching stocks and seconds where we do extremely quick rundowns of businesses which have been suggested by you guys.
NEUT2|So if you have a stock you want covered, make sure to let me know down in the comments below.
NEUT3|Today we're taking a look into Pinterest ticker symbol PINS.
NEUT4|Let's get into the video.
NEUT5|Alright, so let's start with a brief overview of Pinterest.
NEUT6|Then we'll look at some metrics, value the business, and Lastly I'll give my own personal opinions on the company.
NEUT7|Pinterest operates as a platform for people to post about and search for new and creative ideas to help find inspiration in their lives.
NEUT8|Some common topics are things like clothing styles.
NEUT9|Traveling recipes, home decorating and literally so much more since being founded in 2008.
BULL10|As cold brew Labs and then changing their name in 2012 to Pinterest, the company being led by co-founder and CEO Ben Sobelman, has grown into a $43 billion company doing 1.2 billion in annual revenue and this revenue has been seeing massive growth even though Pinterest's revenue has been growing at rapid rates, an analysts predict this trend to continue with sales growth into 2021.
BEAR11|Of over 40%, this growth is still coming at a cost as earnings are negative and have consistently been downtrending, but it's important to note that this is mostly due to stock based compensation, which is typical for fairly new publicly traded companies.
BEAR12|In their core, businesses just hit their inflection point as it's in the green by almost $25 million, but management is just focused on growth right now, which is why free cash flow is still negative as well as all cash flows, plus cash from the bank.
NEUT13|Being invested back into the business now.
NEUT14|Speaking of cash, let's move onto their balance sheet.
NEUT15|Pinterest has 1.65 billion in cash and only 150 million in debt, which shows that Pinterest is OK to continue to burn cash for several years before having to take on more debt or dilute shareholders.
NEUT16|As mentioned at the current share price of nearly $70.00 per share, Pinterest is valued at $43 billion.
NEUT17|Now, it's irrelevant to look at their price to earnings ratio, as management isn't really focused on profitability just yet.
BEAR18|But even on a price to sales basis, Pinterest looks extremely pricey at over 31 times sales now.
NEUT19|As for my own opinion, I can see the appeal for Pinterest as it's a founder LED, high growth Tech company with a very healthy balance sheet, but I'm just not too interested in making an investment in Pinterest due to the fact that I already own a large position in Facebook.
BULL20|Anne granted, the growth is a bit slower from Facebook compared to Pinterest, but their balance sheet profitability.
NEUT21|Anmo is one of the best in the world and I just don't see the desire to own Pinterest, especially at today's valuation now.
NEUT22|Sure.
BULL23|On the other hand, if Pinterest is able to continue to see strong growth rates, keep a clean balance sheet and then also consistently be profitable on the bottom line with a clear growth trajectory.
NEUT24|Then maybe at that point I consider a future investment in the stock.
NEUT25|But like I said, as it sits today, I'm just not too interested in Pinterest.
NEUT26|Especially like I said at today's valuation.
NEUT27|But that wraps up this video if you have a stock you want me to cover, make sure to let me know down in the comments below.
BULL28|"Thanks for watching peace guys."""
