BULL0|"""So Jim, given all of that and the I guess, increased optimism, even even from yesterday on the vaccine front, you look at Atlanta fed their Q1 GDP forecast, now 10 and a half."
NEUT1|Why, given all of this assumes strength in Q1?
NEUT2|Are companies like Target this morning still a little hesitant to give guidance?
NEUT3|But obviously, but target money would have said 'cause.
NEUT4|I like Brian Cornell so much I would have bought for alternative forecasts.
NEUT5|I would have said if we get this I see this happening.
BEAR6|And if we don't and we get a shutdown of the vaccines, well, here's what I think that's a complex thing to try to figure, but believe me, behind the scenes in every company that's involved with travel and leisure, they're offering two forecasts inside, and I think that the retailer should do the same, because otherwise what we think is there uncertain about the economy and uncertain about the layoffs and the unemployment rate.
NEUT7|And they're not David.
NEUT8|They're trying to figure out how quickly you can get these things in peoples arms.
NEUT9|And if it's very quickly that good quarter, and if it's not, the quarter is just going to be as what you just saw, and maybe not even as good, right?
BEAR10|Although you've made the point that there are certain retailers that obviously benefited from the condition that we've now been in more or less for the last year, and they're the worst stocks.
BULL11|And there already reflects red expectation of tougher comparisons versus a Kohl's, but I mean Amazon is Amazon going to have tough comparisons.
NEUT12|Amazon spent four billion on trying to make it so that their employees are safe and look, I know I'm not being political 'cause I know that President Biden would favor unionization some places.
NEUT13|But I will point out David that the amount of money they can make if they're done spend.
NEUT14|It's just it's a great point.
NEUT15|It's a point that that spend no longer has to occur.
NEUT16|Even if there was obviously as we know a huge uptick in orders and then the larger question.
NEUT17|Carl, of course, is how much of the behaviors that we have inculcated over this last year remain, you know, that gets you to zoom, for example, which had great earnings, but so many other things as well.
NEUT18|How?
NEUT19|How much of this is simply here to stay?
NEUT20|We know a lot of it is, we know, a lot of it is.
NEUT21|It's not as though e-commerce is suddenly going to fall off a Cliff.
NEUT22|No way, it's just.
BULL23|Moved up more quickly, perhaps than it otherwise would have, but many people believe it will just continue on that upward trajectory, perhaps not quite at the same pace that we saw March 2020 to March 2021.
NEUT24|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT25|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
