NEUT0|"""Yo, when Christine was going on today is October 9th and this is the conclusion of the second trading week of October."
NEUT1|So if you recall from the recording last week.
BULL2|I was looking at the market to continue to go higher to test 3400 an if it closed above that.
NEUT3|I was looking for the market to continue to go to their 3600 area so we did our alive charting there where I put the support and resistance in those lines are still there so we're going to still use those as reference points and let's take a look at how the market perform so there's our support that we highlighted last week and then.
NEUT4|Here is our resistance that we highlighted last week.
NEUT5|So I said at that point that if the market closed above the 3400 area, it would likely go higher to the 3600 area.
NEUT6|An likely test, new highs, and this is where we are currently.
BULL7|The market closed at 3477 fourteen an I'm looking for the market to continue to push an.
BULL8|I'm looking forward to create new highs.
NEUT9|So that is the SNP.
NEUT10|Let's take a look at the Russell since we looked at that as well last week.
NEUT11|So if you recall from last week I was looking at the Russell.
BULL12|I said that it was a good sign that it bounced off of its 200 day moving average, so we had a doji candle an from there is continuing to move along just fine.
BULL13|So we finally broke above that 1600 area.
BULL14|In that scenario, I highlighted probably within the first or second recording that I've done while I've been doing the market analysis, so it's finally above 1600 and the market will likely continue to push higher with the Russell leading away.
BULL15|As it goes all the way to 1700 and more than likely test new highs and continue to move.
NEUT16|So that is the analysis for the second week of October.
NEUT17|And I'm sorry that's the analysis for the next week that concludes the analysis for the second week of October.
NEUT18|And don't forget to check out my boys Cam and Kenny every single week that Sunday mornings, marathon money.
NEUT19|And don't forget if you have any questions you can contact me that swingcrease20@gmail.com or you can catch me on any social media that's going to be when increased team that's Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, StockTwits, whatever social media there is.
NEUT20|It is well increase team until then will catch you later.
NEUT21|"Peace."""
