NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol, YEXT, will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|If you're new to charge, that's what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link, so if you go there I'll explain in detail.
NEUT3|Well, quite the crazy mover on this one today, not only from the price action POV, but you look down there at the volume lot, a lot of eyeballs on this one.
NEUT4|A lot of people trading it today, so let's map out some areas of support and resistance going into Monday.
NEUT5|The big level that stands out to me and this is not some sort of great discovery on my part.
NEUT6|I don't want to come across like I have some sort of special skill and I bring all that up because I want you to know that this doesn't require any skill.
NEUT7|So anybody that uses charts and understands charts is going to be watching the same area.
NEUT8|And I say that because when a lot of eyeballs are watching the same area and wondering the same thing.
NEUT9|Call a self filling prophecy called whatever you want.
NEUT10|It can definitely produce some big dynamic price movements, and that's what we have going on here.
NEUT11|With $13.75, the reason that level is important is when you ask yourself the question.
NEUT12|OK, well, where's the next support level after that?
NEUT13|And the answer to that as well, way down there at the opening.
BULL14|So today made a huge movement to the upside.
NEUT15|But the Catch 22 is there.
BULL16|It's created a pretty big space between these areas of support.
BEAR17|Meaning if the price comes down here and cannot hold above it now I'm not saying the price shoots straight down in that area, I'm just saying it wouldn't be shocking to see the price then potentially drift down in that area because again, you look back through this area, the chart, and they're just simply aren't any other data points that suggest that you know there could be areas of support.
NEUT18|So you better believe a whole lot of shorts are going to be watching that 1375 area and wondering that.
BULL19|Now, if the price can come down there will it crack below it, which could present a nice you know, shorting opportunity.
NEUT20|But also people that are looking to go long right?
NEUT21|I mean the prices bounce from that area a couple times too, so it's not unreasonable to think that if it goes down there, you know it's not guaranteed to balance, but it's at least it's a rational thought to have given you know the prices bounce from that area before now?
NEUT22|What about areas of resistance?
NEUT23|Big level to watch going forward in my mind is essentially this little miniature down training trendline here you can see just so many little highs high got rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected.
NEUT24|So that's another one of those areas.
NEUT25|Same concept.
NEUT26|Lot of people are going to be watching that, so there certainly would be a self fulfilling prophecy type aspect of that area too, but certainly an interesting setup going into next week.
NEUT27|So let's see what happens with it.
NEUT28|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT29|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT30|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL31|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT32|The first key is super weird.
NEUT33|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT34|But in a cruel way.
BEAR35|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT36|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT37|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT38|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT39|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT40|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT41|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT42|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT43|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
