NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, welcome to this news supply and demand stock analysis, this time for another American stock Microsoft Corporation ticker MSFT, this is a thread in disclaimer you can pause the video and read it in time."
NEUT1|OK, let's bring up the monthly time from Explaning previous analysis posted and share with you in my YouTube channel and presence around.
NEUT2|There was sharing these imbalance and we were saying that no matter what we were go allowed to go along now there.
NEUT3|And that is what happened then.
NEUT4|Ideally analysis when price was about there with another video that I share with you in my YouTube channel.
NEUT5|Also in the trading community with a more detailed analysis and then went to go long when not how and all that now press is being rallying for another month and a half and trying to break all time highs again.
NEUT6|So this is another example of very strong imbalances like the one published a few months ago on the app on Apple.
NEUT7|Talk as well doing the same thing.
NEUT8|So in this case you can use these long term analysis because it's a long term analysis.
NEUT9|We're not looking at a smaller time frames for intraday like one hour, 50 minutes, an alarm or even lower, but you can use once you know where there's a huge imbalance like this one.
NEUT10|Then you can use this more time frames using any other strategy using indicators or paying attention to news or earnings.
NEUT11|If you want you're going to use options, anything you want CFD is cultural difference.
NEUT12|But The thing is that if you know where these imbalances are, you will be.
NEUT13|Saving a lot of money because on the way up here you will be going sure because you don't even know where what an imbalance or where this imbalance is located on what we should be expecting from it and how we should trade it.
NEUT14|So if you want to avoid that kind of losses and probably we're sure on the way down.
NEUT15|Then you must pay attention to the bigger picture and do these imbalances in our community.
NEUT16|Now we're trading communitysettingforget.com.
NEUT17|We are teaching you how to look at these imbalances.
NEUT18|Went to trade in how to train them when not a trader which is even more important than learning how to trade them.
NEUT19|Because most of the time when you are at trader, unless you are a scalper, an intraday trader, then model Tanya will be sitting on your hands and doing absolutely nothing, just waiting for the right setup to occur.
NEUT20|And when it happens, you have to blindly take that set up no matter what on the way down.
NEUT21|We have the coronavirus effect.
NEUT22|I think this is the coronavirus drop fear in the market and a lot and then we'll have it strongly balancing price rolling so.
NEUT23|That's the way it works, and remember that this is a single time frame analysis, not enough to make a trading decision.
NEUT24|He this is analysis is not a signal service.
NEUT25|We are not providing that service.
NEUT26|You must know where no one know to place a trade based on your training plan.
NEUT27|And after putting everything into contact with that top down analysis, if you want to learn how to trade without using any kind of indicators or fundamental analysis.
NEUT28|Learning how to trade market structure and context uses blind man.
NEUT29|You are welcome to join us ourcertificate.com community.
NEUT30|Enjoy the rest of the day and be happy.
NEUT31|"Bye bye."""
