NEUT0|"""Now if you put a gun to my head about this and told me to choose among the three cruise lines, the first thing I do is please, I beg you to take away the gun."
NEUT1|I mean, why did you take the gun to my head for anyway?
NEUT2|It's too soon to buy them, and those of you young people who come in I was.
NEUT3|I was looking at the tape this morning at 3:30 and they were in there doing this again there in their buying before they even got gobsmacked by the Royal Caribbean deal.
NEUT4|But if you insist on speculating on the cruise stocks, Carnival has the best exposure to the rest of the world that's already selling it.
NEUT5|Royal Caribbean slowly coming back to life to Norwegian is the least going overseas.
NEUT6|Based on what we've heard so far.
BULL7|I think Royal Caribbean seeing the best bookings for 2021 followed by Carnival and Royal Caribbean's tie with no regional pricing.
NEUT8|Put it all together and I think World Caribbean is the best of the bunch, specially because you notice capers that was brilliant.
NEUT9|The region close second, they've had a ruthless person cutting costs.
NEUT10|I like the precise approach to reopening, although they've also got the longest longest without a capital raise, but they've got so much money you might see one of them they could.
BEAR11|They could hammer the stock though with the.
NEUT12|People these younger people keep buying the stocks without even knowing what the hell they're doing.
NEUT13|As for carnival, there burning way too much cash for me to feel comfortable but look the bottom line is that it's still too soon to speculate in the cruise stocks, their domestic ships won't start selling again until December at the earliest, and I think there's a good chance that gets postponed again.
NEUT14|If you really want cruise exposure, I say be patient because days like today make me think you'll get better buying opportunities.
NEUT15|Don't miss a second of mad money.
NEUT16|Follow at Jim Cramer on Twitter.
NEUT17|Have a question?
NEUT18|Tweet Cramer hashtag mad tweets send Jim an email to mad money at cnbc.com or give us a call at one 807 four three CNBC.
NEUT19|Miss something head to madmoney.cnbc.com.
NEUT20|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT21|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
