NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions."
NEUT1|January 5th.
NEUT2|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, an IOE 7 concept pics leaked alright, let's get started with only a few days to go before any odeya concept picture of Nio's new E7 was recently leaked.
NEUT3|Today the E7 is an iOS.
NEUT4|First sedan is set to come in direct competition with BMW 7 Series images of the sedans paid and image are said to legit, with sources confirming the sedans body in shape from the pictures, the design of the new car is consistent with what some thought as a futuristic family sedan for everyday use.
NEUT5|The only difference is the front lights, which creates a sense of terror.
NEUT6|Headlights design.
BULL7|The picture shows that the new car has a popular sliding back design which helps the car look more sporty.
NEUT8|The car is also comes equipped with LIDAR technology on the roof.
NEUT9|Some reports say that this letter will be provided by Weiwei Weiwei last month announced vehicle grade high performance LED our products and solutions for the automotive industry enabling the detection of pedestrians and vehicles in urban areas.
BULL10|An iOS LADAR will have strong capabilities in target contour measurement.
NEUT11|Angle measurement, light stability, and general obstacle detection.
NEUT12|An iOS new sedan is expected to continue a family design with coupe positioning.
BULL13|A low slung body and sharper front design, the sedan will also come equipped with an iOS knew 150 kilowatt hours battery pack.
BULL14|An iOS new battery pack will give all NIO vehicles and 900 kilometers range performance with a lower wind resistance.
NEUT15|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT16|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now.
NEUT17|So that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT18|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL19|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT20|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT21|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
