BEAR0|"""So as you said, we're already seeing cancellations begin and travelers starting to look for options if they can't get to their more tropical or Florida destinations for the long weekend."
NEUT1|I mean, when you guys help with that, it's I mean I look.
NEUT2|I guess some people can go to their airline and maybe change it directly, and a lot of times they'll waive fees for that.
NEUT3|Or can you kind of help him figure out maybe a cheap way to do that?
NEUT4|So typically we recommend if you already have a flight booked to go to the airline website or even reach out to their customer service to understand what your options are.
NEUT5|In a case like a hurricane or natural disaster, typically airlines star either waiving change fees or allowing refunds and re routing for their customers.
NEUT6|Their goal is to maintain those customers and just shift the demand away from the weekend of the natural disaster hurricane to another date.
NEUT7|Yeah, so win win?
BULL8|I mean it's good for the travelers, good for there.
BEAR9|Airline, so when it comes to pricing as you said, once we get into September we starts to drop, doesn't it?
NEUT10|Over the next couple of months it's a good time to travel.
BEAR11|Exactly September, October, and the beginning of November are actually some of the best times to travel were coming down from those peak summer prices and haven't quite hit the peak holiday prices.
NEUT12|So airlines have to lower prices to make sure they can fill up planes and use their capacity through the fall shoulder season.
NEUT13|There is no.
NEUT14|Is there a capacity issue at all?
BEAR15|Haley, because of the grounding of the 737 Max.
BEAR16|In the fall shoulder season, so that period from September to November, we're not expecting a huge capacity issue, in part because capacity is still growing in 2019 compared to last year, where we're likely to see potential supply problems is during the busy holiday season, and that's because we have more people traveling from big cities, big airport hubs to more regional local airports as they head home for the Holidays.
NEUT17|Those routes are more difficult to cover when you have the high demand on major routes, an local roots, which is kind of unique to the holiday season.
NEUT18|How does it work?
NEUT19|Haley, that you guys are able to figure out you know constantly when the best time is to book these flights.
NEUT20|So Hopper we use an incredible amount of data going back more than five years to be constantly tracking historical and current prices for every origin, destination, departure, return, pair that people are searching for.
NEUT21|So we use that historical demand and price data to forecast what we think the best deal price will be for our users.
NEUT22|And then we send them a notification when that price is available.
NEUT23|But if you're wrong, you're going to pay me the difference.
BULL24|"About about 95% of the time we are right or we at least do no harm, so our goal is always to be improving our forecast accuracy and ensuring that travelers are at least doing no harm when they use us."""
