BULL0|"""Iota is one of the most important and unique crypto currencies there is."
BULL1|It was only a few short years ago after the release of Bitcoin that Iota was theorized as a faster, more efficient decentralized Ledger.
NEUT2|The goal to build the first permissionless feeless and production ready distributed Ledger technology for the true Internet of everything.
NEUT3|They named the DLT that angle and that angle is based off of a mathematical concept known as the directed Acyclic Graph.
NEUT4|Just like the Bitcoin blockchain, a directed acyclic graph can be used as a Ledger to track and process transactions only without the blocks and the chains.
BULL5|Thanks to the Dagz Iota was able to join minor validator and user into one entity.
NEUT6|This remove the need for transaction fees.
NEUT7|When you use iota, your device becomes responsible for processing two or more transactions in the tangle.
NEUT8|This process requires nothing more than some computational power.
NEUT9|From whatever device you're using, not only does this make iota exponentially fast in theory, but it also makes iota free to use.
NEUT10|This is important as Iota was specifically designed to facilitate micro transactions for the Internet of Things, which means that you can send even fractions of a cent to other users.
NEUT11|Iotas supply is measured by its smallest unit first, which makes understanding the supply a bit tricky.
NEUT12|It's easy to grasp that there are 21 million.
NEUT13|Bitcoins it's difficult to grasp that there are two point 7 quadrillion Iota.
NEUT14|However, Iota and Bitcoin actually have fairly similar supplies, they're just measured differently in Bitcoin, one Bitcoin is made up of 100,000,000 Satoshi's, and there are two point 1 quadrillion Satoshi that exist in total.
NEUT15|In Iota there are two point 7 quadrillion Iota that exist and only two million 779.
NEUT16|1530 giga iota.
NEUT17|When measuring the smallest units, we can see that iota only has roughly .6 quadrillion more total units than Bitcoin.
BULL18|As we speak, Iota is entering a monumental stage of development as they successfully move towards their goal of enabling a true machine economy.
NEUT19|If you'd like to learn more about Iota or follow along with the progress, then follow the links in the description below.
BULL20|"As always, thanks for watching."""
