BULL0|"""Thanks."
NEUT1|Hey Nick, Fosberg here with Bar Owner TV and today I've got some very important news for you.
NEUT2|If you've been using Facebook to grow your business this week, the Wall Street Journal reported that come January, Facebook will intensify its efforts to filter out unpaid promotional material in user news feeds that businesses have posted as status updates.
NEUT3|So what does this mean?
NEUT4|Well, if you're concerned about how many likes you have, or if you've been doing all you can to get more likes so that more people will see your specials and promotions.
NEUT5|For free, hate to say it, but those days are over.
NEUT6|That's right, the free ride it's up, so if you want your post to be seen even by people who like your page, you're going to have to pay for that in the rents now.
NEUT7|Dubai Facebook now I've always been taught by my marketing mentors that you must master at least one paid source of traffic or advertising that gets new or existing customers in your doors.
NEUT8|Never ever rely on free because if you do, sooner or later that game is over, which that's now the truth is.
NEUT9|This is business.
NEUT10|If you want free or cheap stuff, get what you pay for.
NEUT11|If you want customers consistently walking through your doors, you gotta pay for that to happen.
NEUT12|That's just the business we're in.
NEUT13|So where does this leave us then?
NEUT14|Well, if you've been relying on free traffic from Facebook, you better figure out a new plan for 2015.
BULL15|If you want to increase your sales and profits, which I'm sure you do.
NEUT16|But the most cost effective ways to do this in 2015 is going to be using Facebook's paper click ads and continuing to email text.
NEUT17|Send direct mailers to your own contact list of customers.
NEUT18|And that is if you do have have a contact list, and if you're not capturing customers contact information through contests for loyalty programs, I can guarantee that you're missing out on at least $20,000 or more in profits each and every year just by marketing only to people who personally give you their information.
BEAR19|You'll instantly double the ROI on your marketing dollars.
NEUT20|And one last thing, if you're trying to increase sales focus on one night per week, instead of creating all new specials and promotions for 2015 and trying to promote them all.
NEUT21|At one time, dedicate four to six weeks and use different mediums to target your prime target market for your new weekly promotion.
NEUT22|Give them a good offer to step foot in your doors.
NEUT23|Get them excited and then deliver a great experience so they come back and bring others.
NEUT24|And once you increase your sales by 25% or more on that night, then start to focus on another day or night.
NEUT25|Now, if you're a big fan of Facebook and you want new customers in your doors, get my newest case study that reveals how I help 4 bar owners from all over the country get in average.
NEUT26|Of 312 new customers in their doors in just 57 days or less?
NEUT27|"Well you got to click the link below and I'll see you on the next episode."""
