NEUT0|"""It's Giacomo speaking."
NEUT1|Thanks for watching this quick video on Google stock in front of us.
NEUT2|There is one hour candle stick showing the price movement of this talk and this is again.
NEUT3|This is how those prices look like.
NEUT4|And if you play around a little bit with one of the most trustworthy tools that it is exponential moving average, you see you are able to define the easily the trend and the trend as we can see.
NEUT5|Is bullish trend that playing around with a link to these tools?
NEUT6|You can see that he worked at as support for the GNU rallies.
BEAR7|And again the idea is that because this support has been broken this this level has been broken lately as being broken gives us a signal or weakness of this stock.
NEUT8|So with my technical analysis interpretation, this is how it looks like.
NEUT9|And again it's bullish market because the price is.
NEUT10|It's easy to.
NEUT11|See that is a bullish market thanks to this exponential moving average by even be 'cause we were able to define a trend line and the break after this trend line.
NEUT12|Even if it is a tentative then the line because it's just as being tested only two times to be a very proper underlying test be tested at least three times.
NEUT13|But anyway, we were expecting this point to be to work as support and it did not happen.
BEAR14|So the idea is that because it did not happen, it can be seen as a weakness signal to this stock.
NEUT15|In fact, as we are in now, we have the best ideas just told the cause.
NEUT16|So we need to wait this end of price retracement or set to back before going up again.
NEUT17|So as we are now just hold before going long, this is what we can see based on technical analysis because.
BEAR18|We adding kind of set back situation, prices, placement situation and the price can jump up if this.
NEUT19|Let's say if next to next days the prices will be will close the closure of the price of the stock will be above this support level.
NEUT20|The idea is to go long or otherwise they will keep going down up to perhaps this 1370 U.S. dollar and then from this point perhaps if again this resistance will not be broken.
NEUT21|Set up stadia, is there we go to trend, so it's the yes to go long we need to invest in always in the direction of the trend by so we are right now we are in the price of the placement stage just hold the end of this price replacement before going along.
NEUT22|This press attachment can end next week or meaning next early next week when we can see if the prices of this talk will be closing above this level it can be seen as signal to go long or otherwise on on on.
NEUT23|If it's not gonna happen it means that if those prices will be.
NEUT24|Gov will be keep closing and they need to 1155 years Dollar Idea is that this price will keep going down up to this level before going up again on if this again resistance will not be broken again.
NEUT25|Will not be broken so this is my interpretation just hold for now before going along.
NEUT26|"Thanks bye."""
