BULL0|"""Hey guys and welcome to the channel."
NEUT1|In this video I'm going to be talking about SOS Limited ticker symbol SOS and talk about the crazy spike we saw today and where I think the stock is headed next.
NEUT2|So stick around.
NEUT3|But before I get into the video and make sure I hit the subscribe button to keep up with the daily videos and check out the links in description to join the Discord and the page around.
BULL4|So the links down below the link to the discord is for the free public discord, and if you sign up for the page trying to get access to the private discord where I announce everything that I buy and sell throughout the day, today announced this stock SOS, which I shared a screenshot in the chat which I bought at $4.16 in the pre market and then it ran up over 65% today to about 70% at one point.
NEUT5|So just a little bit ago the stock goes up about 70% of the day and this is without any major news.
BULL6|The stock is also about 10 times its normal.
NEUT7|Share volume so just a quick overview of the company.
NEUT8|It's a technology company that focuses on emergency rescue services, working with health care workers and also insurance companies.
NEUT9|And also financial institutions.
NEUT10|The company also uses blockchain and big data technology to provide marketing and cloud computing services to its partner sector.
NEUT11|So there wasn't any super recent news, but if you go back to Tuesday we do have news of the company received their 5000 crypto mining computers ahead of schedule.
NEUT12|So this is a part of the company's plan to put more focus on blockchain and cryptocurrency.
NEUT13|In other recent news, the company also announced on Tuesday that they were going to exercise 24 million shares for the gross proceeds of $48 million.
NEUT14|The company stated that the offering would be used to develop their cryptocurrency sector within their business.
NEUT15|So this news comes after we continue to get more and more companies warming up to the idea of crypto, and we of course had Tesla's big announcement earlier in the week that they invested $1.5 billion into Bitcoin.
NEUT16|So is this stock worth buying at these prices, and what do I think the price could reach?
BULL17|So personally, I think there's still a lot of room to grow here, but definitely make sure.
NEUT18|Do your own research.
NEUT19|I really like this companies evolving into the crypto sector.
BULL20|I think this is going to be super beneficial to this company, so if you completely missed it today and I'm now looking for an opportunity to get in, just make sure you look for a dip to buy in.
NEUT21|We can see that in the after hours or tomorrow morning at market open.
NEUT22|So just make sure to look for a dip and then dollar cost average into a position.
BEAR23|Even right now, as I'm finishing up filming this video and I'm looking at the stock price, it seems to be pulling back just a little bit in the after hours.
NEUT24|But it's definitely going to be interesting to see where the stock goes tomorrow and over the course of next week.
NEUT25|But what do you guys think about the stock?
NEUT26|Let me know your predictions down below, and just as a side note, I think tomorrow's gonna be really interesting just because we're heading into a three day weekend.
BULL27|So I do expect to see some selling.
NEUT28|For people that don't like holding over long weekends, so Bitcoin tends to do really well on the weekends, and with this three day weekend coming up, it's going to be interesting to see what happens, especially some stocks like Morin and XRD, 'cause they pretty much follow Bitcoin.
NEUT29|So be interesting to see if there's a sell off before market closed tomorrow or people are going to hold over the weekend or not, so I hope you enjoyed the video or just a quick overview.
NEUT30|"Definitely make sure do your own research, but just remember this isn't financial advice is just for entertainment purposes only."""
