NEUT0|"""Rush this is a deal that yes has been brewing for a while, but let's talk about why LVMH, why not anybody else?"
NEUT1|What is it that LVMH season Tiffany and why is Tiffany so app to be with LVMH?
NEUT2|OK, well there's a lot to unpack there, but let's begin with the man who is behind LVMH Bernardo, Europe's richest man AKA the Wolf in Kashmir, and he has been looking for acquisition targets over the past two or three years.
NEUT3|He's bought RIMOWA, the luggage and suitcase company.
NEUT4|He's bought Belmont, the hospitality and kind of experiences group at a luxury level.
NEUT5|And now he's got his hands on Tiffany and the opportunity for Tiffany is specific.
NEUT6|Within the jewelry hard jewelry category where LVMH's portfolio is not as big as.
NEUT7|The likes of Richemont, who has Cartier and which is one of the fastest growing segments in the personal personal luxury space.
NEUT8|So on the on the big picture that's the reason why then there is what's the opportunity with Tiffany itself?
NEUT9|What LVMH is really good at is elevating brand values and what they try to do is basically ultra premium eyes.
NEUT10|Ultra luxury eyes if you will, the the space and segment that whatever they get ahold of now, according to many people I've spoken to, if you go into Tiffany stores, if you go into some of the places around the world.
BEAR11|Some of that shine has come off the company it is in need of a renovation.
NEUT12|It's already in the midst of a turn around by a new management team when they made some changes to their board just two years ago when they were under pressure from activist investor.
NEUT13|So the company has been trying to turn around, but what they get with LVMH is a company in a group and a leader in our know who is deeply familiar with this process of really revitalizing brands and strengthening them and making them as expensive as possible.
NEUT14|Which is where there's a ton of value.
NEUT15|So so rush.
NEUT16|So you mentioned the idea that this is about the luxury play.
NEUT17|Tiffany in the past has had perhaps a few struggles here and there with regard to their product mix, because not only is Tiffany about the high end side of things was very expensive, engagement rings in those little blue boxes, but they've also got a lot of stuff out there that's maybe 102 hundred, $300 apiece for the everyday buyer, if you will.
NEUT18|How much of that product mix then changes, given the fact that LVMH has the tilt that it has towards that ultra luxury side of things?
NEUT19|Definitely, but if you take if you consider sort of Louis Vuitton, one of the best brands within the web.
NEUT20|Best known brands within the LVMH stable.
NEUT21|They also have the sort of wallets that are in an accessible range, so I think what they try to do is really build out the entire range of offerings to consumers but really push the far end of that and let you kind of go really high up the value spectrum while keeping that kind of still high margin but accessible price point.
NEUT22|So I think you'll see it.
NEUT23|Kind of it's not sort of set playbook in that sense.
NEUT24|I think they want to reach as many people as possible but really keep that cachet at the really far end of the spectrum.
NEUT25|Now, this isn't the first acquisition in the hard jewellery space.
NEUT26|Now, in 2011, Arno bought Bulgari for about $5 billion in that deal again, he was able to.
BULL27|That was a much more premium brand if you will, but in that deal was really able to extend the reach and really re purpose it in a lot of ways.
NEUT28|And I think they're going to take a playbook that they got from that and from some of their other experiences and mix them all together to basically see what they can do for Tiffany's.
NEUT29|Now they are paying a very big price, which is something else to bear in mind here.
NEUT30|The initial offer came in at $120.00 a share.
BULL31|By the end of the negotiations, they ended up at $135 a share or no is a ferocious negotiator, so it's a big.
BULL32|"It's a big accomplishment for the Tiffany board to have gotten to move that much, but B, if he's willing to move that much that quickly, it's definitely a sign that he thinks there's a lot of value there to be unlocked."""
