NEUT0|"""Well, hello fools, said Robert Brokamp, a senior adviser for the Fools really retirement service and as part of our Ask a full series, we have received a question from Bridget."
NEUT1|She asked if stock websites are so good at investing, why do they need to charge people for information?
NEUT2|They make more money by sharing information that will create more buyers for held stock.
NEUT3|So the price goes up.
NEUT4|It seems like most sites that ask for money are scams.
NEUT5|So first of all Bridget, I think you're right to be skeptical of anyone who offers financial advice, whether it's a website newsletter, service, insurance salesperson, financial advisor, or even your brother-in-law, you're going to make sure that they have a history of offering good advice and that they aren't offering any sort of self serving advice.
NEUT6|Something that would enrich enrich them more than it would enrich you.
NEUT7|As for your question, I really can only speak for The Motley Fool, and I will tell you that we have like any other business have tried to create sort of a diversified source of income.
BEAR8|Any website that doesn't charge for something basically relies on advertising and as many websites found back in the.com bubble and bust that relying just on advertising can be very problematic because it's sensitive to the economy.
NEUT9|It can be very cyclical, so you try to have other revenue streams.
NEUT10|Now related to your other question about trying to, shall we say pump up the price of a stock.
NEUT11|You hold Motley Fool.
NEUT12|I will tell you exist to educate investors, help investors become better investors and we're really not interested in increasing the stock price of any stocks that we hold.
BULL13|Of course we hope they go up.
NEUT14|We believe in businesses that we recommend to our services, but we share that information in hopes of helping you not helping us.
NEUT15|In fact, we have all kinds of policies that try to prevent our employees.
NEUT16|And our writers from benefiting from stock information or manipulating any sort of stock price.
NEUT17|For example, our employees cannot buy or sell a stock within a certain window of when they write about a stock or when it is recommended by Motley Fool service.
NEUT18|And that applies to spouses as well as the employee.
NEUT19|So we have lots of rules in place because we think our reputation and our integrity is very important.
NEUT20|But I will say as I said earlier, you're right to be skeptical.
NEUT21|I.
NEUT22|Would say that the newsletter services and websites that are probably more prone or more likely to be manipulating stocks, or those that discuss smaller companies, perhaps ones that are considered penny stocks.
NEUT23|Those who are worth just 10s of 1,000,000 or maybe hundreds of millions of dollars because it is easier to manipulate those prices.
NEUT24|It doesn't take as many investors to buy the stock to drive the price up, and then sometimes those people will sell it, and it's known as pump and dump.
NEUT25|I will tell you, of course at the model does recommend smaller companies at time, but it's not our focus and I would say most of our stocks are in the Midcap to large large cap category.
NEUT26|So thanks for the question Bridget.
NEUT27|"It's a good question if you had have any other questions visit us on Facebook or visit us at fool.com."""
