NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol Disp Disney."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Also from disclosure standpoint, I am long Disney in my retirement account so just keep that in mind as I go through the analysis.
NEUT5|So overall very big movement today with earnings and all that and now from a technical point of view moving forward I'll definitely be watching this one.
NEUT6|Very interested in it now that some key levels have been established and the first level that really stands out to me and I think a whole lot of other traders and I make that comment.
NEUT7|Because when lots of other traders are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want, it can definitely produce some very dynamic movements and that's what we have there with that initial green line, which like I said, there's no guarantees of anything.
NEUT8|I'm not trying to say that I'm just trying to say that this level down here at one 2650 is going to be watched by a lot of people, so it's a valid thought to have.
BEAR9|Again, not a guarantee, but valid that if the price were to come down there and breakthrough that level, that could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure.
NEUT10|Now when I say downside selling pressure, I don't mean it to the extent of.
BEAR11|And therefore this thing is going back down to 114.
NEUT12|I'm not saying that I'm just saying it in the sense from a trading standpoint where that could cause a little bit of a deeper pullback with the price then potentially going down to revisit this support down here, right around one 2350.
NEUT13|So those are going to two main areas of support that likes it.
NEUT14|I think myself and a lot of other technical traders will be watching moving forward, but on the flip side of things, maybe this thing doesn't want to rollback over.
NEUT15|Maybe it wants to start to flex its muscles again.
NEUT16|So as far as you know the levels that those breakout players are going to be watching that first key level from the breakout standpoint.
NEUT17|Then again, I think a lot of people will be watching.
NEUT18|Right up there around the one 2825 Mark and then at that level can be broken.
NEUT19|Next key breakout point right up there, which sits around the $130 mark.
NEUT20|So those would be the main technical levels that I'm watching going forward.
BULL21|But yeah, overall strong move for Disney today.
NEUT22|Let's see how it continues to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT25|But it will be me.
NEUT26|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me.
BULL27|To transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT28|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT29|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it all though.
NEUT32|Including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT35|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note.
NEUT37|Limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT39|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
