NEUT0|"""In 2013, Bill Wang was determined to pick up the pieces of a once promising hedge fund career that had collapsed."
NEUT1|Trading losses during the financial crisis had humbled him in the US criminal conviction of his firm for insider trading had not long out of the hedge fund game completely.
NEUT2|He closed his Tiger Asia Hedge fund, which specialized in Asian Internet and media stocks and lost all his clients at age 48, long opened a family office in Manhattan.
BEAR3|Archegos Capital Management with the $500 million or so he had left after paying $60 million to settle an assortment of federal regulatory and prosecutorial charges.
NEUT4|And try to figure out what to do next.
BEAR5|He would soon be banned from trading in his favorite market, Hong Kong and the other Asian markets in which he specialized.
NEUT6|Japan and Korea did not hold the same opportunity so long turned his attention to the US stock market.
NEUT7|After years of focusing mostly on Asia, Wang started to pay close attention to Internet and media companies based in places like Silicon Valley.
NEUT8|His research style was exhaustive and one company caught his eye.
NEUT9|A DVD by Mail rental service that was trying to pull up a difficult transition to video streaming.
BEAR10|One bad pig on Netflix investing.
NEUT11|A huge chunk of his net worth in the company's shares around the same time as legendary investor Carl Icahn became one of Netflix's biggest shareholders.
NEUT12|Icahn sold his Netflix shares within two years, but Long held on to the position for years.
BEAR13|One of the biggest mysteries in financial markets this week has been how did Suncook Bill Wong managed to become one of the biggest traders on Wall Street after closing his hedge fund in 2012, Wang Zarca goes capital was the subject of margin calls that reverberated through financial markets.
BEAR14|In recent days and cost investment banks like Credit Suisse and Nomura Holdings between $5 billion to $10 billion.
NEUT15|JP Morgan analysts estimate the prime brokerage units of major investment banks, including Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, had arranged for long to invest enormous amounts as much as $50 billion in stocks using derivatives.
BEAR16|Instruments known as total return swaps, the banks initiated margin calls on ARCA goes late last week that resulted in the abrupt unwinding of its stock positions.
NEUT17|But how did wanamassa $10 billion fortune that he could use as collateral for his total return swap positions in the 1st place?
NEUT18|The answer is that in the years after he closed his hedge fund, one went on an incredibly successful trading run.
NEUT19|He compounded his personal wealth that enormously high rates of return by investing in a few high flying US Internet stocks like Netflix, LinkedIn and Amazon, and holding on to them a person familiar with ARCA goes operations, says Wang constructed a concentrated portfolio of Internet stocks.
NEUT20|"Which would eventually include Chinese stocks listed in the US."""
