NEUT0|"""Hi guys, here is Castle Hub today we're going to talk about what is our preferred stock."
NEUT1|When you talk about stocks, stock market or stock market investing, you usually talk about common stock investing.
NEUT2|Not many people know that there are two different types of stocks.
NEUT3|There are common stocks and preferred stocks.
NEUT4|Preferred stockholders have a proper Terry position for the payment of interests compared to the common stockholders.
NEUT5|So if the company is in financial struggle, dividends must be paid to preferred shareholders before common shareholders.
NEUT6|If the company issued different rounds of preferred stocks, they will be put in precise order of payment, right?
NEUT7|If the company gets liquidated, the preferred shareholders have payout priority compared to common shareholders.
BEAR8|Preferred shareholders have less liquidation and dividend payout rights compared to bondholders.
NEUT9|The dividend can be fixed from the start, or it can vary based on an interest benchmark like the every Board or the library.
NEUT10|On the flip side, preferred shareholders don't have voting rights for the company's decisions, unlike common shareholders.
NEUT11|Most of the times preferred stocks have a long term maturity rate or they don't expire at all.
NEUT12|Usually the companies that issue preferred stocks are not top tier.
NEUT13|Most of the time they are risky and they are issuing because they are either in financial trouble or they want to raise more capital.
NEUT14|The company can also sell callable shares.
NEUT15|This means that the company can decide to buy back the preferred stocks after a certain date and at a predetermined price.
BEAR16|This could limit the profits for the preferred stock investors.
NEUT17|In other cases, preferred stocks can be converted into a predetermined amount of common stock.
BULL18|Thank you guys for watching the video and remember to give us all your support by subscribing to the channel, smashing the like button and turning on the notification Bell.
NEUT19|See you next time with another video for you.
NEUT20|"This is also hub."""
