NEUT0|"""Big news for Disney announcing a new CEO for the company, Bob Shapack, will be the CEO of Disney, effective immediately."
NEUT1|He most recently served as chairman of the Parks experiences and Products division.
NEUT2|Now, Bob Eiger, longtime CEO of Disney, will be assuming the role of Executive Chairman and will direct the company's creative endeavors while leading the board and providing benefit his experience to manage the transition through the end of his contract at the end of December in 2021, now Tiger had extended his contract.
NEUT3|Numerous times it now does go through the end of 2021, but in a press release, the Tiger saying that with the successful launch of Disney's Direct to consumer businesses and the integration of 21st Century Fox, he believes this is the optimal time to transition to a new CEO.
NEUT4|So Jay Peck will be taking the helm.
NEUT5|He's been at the company for the past 27 years, most recently running parks consumer products in this studio.
NEUT6|Now he he has been in various roles and it seems like he's being selected for this role because of his extensive.
BULL7|Leadership, especially most recently expanding the parks division into China, overseeing the launch of the Chinese park, as well as expanding the Disney Cruise Line business.
NEUT8|Then before that, from 2011 to 2015, JPEG was president of the What was formerly the Disney Consumer Products segment.
NEUT9|Before that he also ran the Walt Disney Home Entertainment Division, so experience across these various divisions, notable that Tiger is stepping down from that CEO role before the official end of his contract.
NEUT10|Disney is going to be talking about this much more in a conference call that's happening at 4:30 PM Eastern.
NEUT11|After that, I will be sitting down with Bob Eiger as well as Bob Shapack in an interview right here on the Disney lot to talk about that transition.
NEUT12|And what's next for the company guys.
NEUT13|Back to you Julia, as you say, comes as a huge surprise, not least because the contract extension to the end of 2021 wasn't that long ago and all of the interviews you've done with him and other comments.
NEUT14|Is not alluded to this at all?
NEUT15|I mean what?
NEUT16|What level of surprise is there that this is happening at all?
NEUT17|Well, look, it was my understanding that Shapack as well as Kevin Mayer were considered the two lead contenders to take on this role of succeeding at Bob Eiger, who clearly leaves very big shoes to fill.
NEUT18|Both of them have extensive experience across the company.
NEUT19|Kevin Mayer is now running that direct to Consumer Division which includes Disney Plus.
NEUT20|So he clearly has a big job there.
NEUT21|Bob JPEG.
NEUT22|When he was given the job of running the parks division that was considered sort of a test of his ability to have that other experience after previous experience at the studio.
NEUT23|So I think we knew that these two gentlemen were in the running to replace Bob Eiger I, when I you know, I'm less surprised that there is an announcement of who the next CEO is going to be, and I'm more surprised the Tiger is going to be moving on to this Executive Chairman role rather than continuing in the CEO role to 2021.
NEUT24|But the fact that he is going to be, you know, continue to be involved in the creative leadership of the company through the end of his contract indicates to me that he's really there to manage the transition and make sure there isn't any change in the creative leadership.
NEUT25|"Through the end of his contract."""
