NEUT0|"""Tom, what exactly is the SEC proposing an how has this story and the pressure to do something evolved?"
NEUT1|Well, the Securities and Exchange Commission are working on proposed rules that they hope to have finalized by the end of the year that, as you say, would lead could lead to the delisting of Chinese companies, or would do.
NEUT2|In fact, if they don't comply with US audit rules.
NEUT3|Now what we know from our reporting out of DC is that the SEC has been working pretty quickly since August, and that's after a group of senior officials, including.
NEUT4|By the way, the head of the SEC, Jay Clayton and the Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin.
NEUT5|Really pushed for regulators to step up rules that would lead to the delisting of Chinese companies.
NEUT6|Again, that do not comply with this U.S. law and they push for restrictions to take effect as soon as 2022, so that's what the SEC's been doing they've been forming this set of rules, and again they hope to get it finalized by the end of the year.
NEUT7|It's likely to have to be passed from Jay Clayton to whoever the Biden administration picks, 'cause we know that he's going to be stepping down.
NEUT8|What this comes down to, though, is a long running dispute between the US and China.
BEAR9|Over China's refusal for almost 20 years now to let US inspectors review the audits of Chinese companies listed in the United States, an it has eluded both sides.
NEUT10|A solution.
NEUT11|As alluded both sides since affectively 2022, but within the context and you kind of nudged this or touched on.
BEAR12|This is, of course, the souring US China ties.
NEUT13|Now China says there are confidentiality reasons.
NEUT14|Essentially, they don't want US inspectors going through the books of their Chinese companies, but again.
BULL15|It's been accelerated by the tensions between the two sides, but also the accounting scandal of Lucking coffee earlier this year.
NEUT16|So Tom, what are then the practical implications for those companies listed here in the US like Alibaba and Baidu for example?
NEUT17|Right, well, we've also already, of course, seen steps by many of these companies to set up secondary listings in Hong Kong or on the mainland, whether that's Alibaba or Netease or jd.com, that's happened this year.
BULL18|The flip side of that coin is that we've actually seen about 170 companies, either based in mainland China or Hong Kong list in the US this year, raising about 60 billion U.S. dollars.
NEUT19|Some.
NEUT20|Some of them may be playing for time.
NEUT21|As I've said, it's unlikely that these new rules will be in place before about early 2022.
NEUT22|They also may be betting.
BEAR23|That lobbying from some in the US against these proposals might start to have an effect, then I said NASDAQ and the NYSE, of course, would lose out would be a claim from some if this delisting proposal was actually enforced in law.
NEUT24|But whatever happens, it is a bipartisan issue now.
NEUT25|And Congress itself is pushing through its own proposals.
BULL26|"So it seems like we're coming to ahead on this."""
