NEUT0|"""This is The Motley Fool Battle Royale where 8 popular stocks clash to determine the best investment for you over the next 12 months, let's go to the arena."
NEUT1|This second round match up is really interesting.
NEUT2|We feature on the one hand VM Ware an on the other Nordic American tanker shipping.
BULL3|Now both of these stocks advanced in their Motley Fool, Battle Royale first round fairly easily.
BULL4|This time though, they've got a formidable competitor.
NEUT5|Let's take VM Ware first, VM Ware.
NEUT6|Of course, the leader in virtualization, the company that enables you and me to buy fewer servers as a Corporation and make those servers count for more, taking up less space at lower cost.
NEUT7|The magic of software virtualization and VMware really is the leader and the Pioneer in this industry, which enables cloud computing.
NEUT8|So given that I have previously recommended an, it's an active recommendation of mine.
NEUT9|VM Ware in Motley Fool rule Breakers.
NEUT10|You can see I might be leading this way, but then on the other hand, we've got the CEO of Nordic American tanker shipping Per Bjorn Hansen, and you can go right to Nordic American tanker Shipping's website.
NEUT11|And if it still looks like it did when I saw it yesterday.
NEUT12|You're going to see his August interview on CNBC, where he presents a pretty compelling case for his company, a company that has about 20 oil tankers.
NEUT13|Chuck it out there around the world and trying to avoid the Pirates.
BULL14|Now this is a company that has been well managed, and if you watch that video and I encourage you to watch that video, I really enjoyed watching Hans, and I think he's a smart guy.
NEUT15|Very accomplished businessmen.
NEUT16|I think you may well be compelled by both of these companies, but I have to pick one to advance to the finals of this Motley Fool, Battle Royale.
NEUT17|An I have to say, well, I don't always want to cheer for the home team.
BULL18|I truly would invest in VM Ware going forward over the next 12 months as compared to Nordic American tanker shipping.
NEUT19|The reason comes down to this very simply.
NEUT20|I know the business better.
NEUT21|I have a better sense that software virtualization and hardware virtualization essentially enabling cloud computing is an important trend.
NEUT22|We're still, I would say only in the fourth inning of that ball game, so I'm going to bet.
NEUT23|"Put my money down here in the battle Royale on VM Ware VM Ware advance."""
