BEAR0|"""Well, it's going to be a disaster again unfortunately, but I would say it's not even going to count all the gig economy workers who don't even show up in this data."
BEAR1|But I would say the good news is we can see the new unemployment claims gradually decreasing over the past few weeks, and I think that trend is going to continue.
BEAR2|So it's definitely a disaster.
NEUT3|Nobody should be excited about it, but things are getting a little bit less bad then.
NEUT4|They have been.
BULL5|Compared to a couple weeks ago, few weeks ago, it's getting better.
NEUT6|There's always an obsession with the headline figure as well, but what are the figures in our viewers should be looking at for the longevity in the medium term?
NEUT7|Should be looking at EU 6 the average hourly earnings.
NEUT8|Which piece of data within the employment report you think is the most apps at the moment.
NEUT9|I mean, I think the whole thing is is just a big aberration and it's so out of the ordinary that we can't even think about this in terms of the normal statistics.
BULL10|I would say that good glimmer of hope is showing up in stock prices that.
NEUT11|Stock prices are predicting that future.
BULL12|Conditions for businesses are going to be improving the base I'm looking at is the VIX.
NEUT13|The volatility index implied volatility for stock markets, and we've seen that been plummeting from 18 out, done well under 30, and so I think that the current unemployment statistics are a big problem, but I think there we hope temporary one of the big issues I would say is part of the CARES Act.
NEUT14|We've got these very generous.
NEUT15|Unemployment benefits.
NEUT16|In many cases they are paying an extra $600 per week.
BEAR17|In many cases the workers are getting more money to be on unemployment.
BEAR18|The CARES Act is trying to get businesses to get those workers off unemployment, which is obviously a burden on the unemployment insurance.
BEAR19|"But now they're being paid to stick on the unemployment, so there's a lot of countervailing forces which are preventing the market from functioning as it should be."""
