BULL0|"""Welcome back to Yahoo Finance on the move or watching markets Rally Dow is up more than 390 points at this point and part of that has to do with news about the pandemic and potential vaccines to help us understand everything that is going on."
NEUT1|With coronavirus.
NEUT2|We bring in Yahoo Finance correspondent Angele Khemlani who covers all of this for us.
NEUT3|What is the latest that you can tell us first on the surges that we're witnessing nationwide?
NEUT4|Angele right atomal.
NEUT5|Unfortunately, we continue to see records being set, whether you're talking about hospitalizations in Texas or a daily case surgeon.
BULL6|Florida yesterday we saw that report at 15,000 new cases per day in the Sunshine State, and that's unfortunate because we've seen how some states, despite you know, the ongoing storage, have been trying to curb the outbreak with some steps including mask wearing and rolling back some of the reopening that has been planned in order to address this.
BEAR7|But that doesn't seem to be helping us.
BEAR8|Some of the most concerning states like California, Texas and Florida continue to see those spikes.
NEUT9|However, we do have.
BULL10|Some positive news and that is that in the Northeast, which as we know was a former hot spot.
BULL11|We had seen some improvement.
BEAR12|New York recording 0 deaths yesterday, and that's just in addition to states like Rhode Island, which I've already also seen lower debts.
NEUT13|An lower case counts.
BULL14|Eventually we also got the news that Pfizer and its German biotech partner have gotten fast track status from the DNA from the FDA.
NEUT15|Excuse me for their vaccine, they're developing.
NEUT16|Tell us more about that.
NEUT17|That's correct, so they are the 2nd to get that status.
NEUT18|That designation Moderna was one of the 1st and we know that this all ties into, you know, the ability to sort of compress the necessary timeline to get to that final end point for the vaccine is that is in addition to the support that these companies are receiving.
NEUT19|From Operation Warp Speed, which as we know is funding boosting and supporting manufacturing and development of these vaccine candidates.
BULL20|So All in all, really a good progress when it comes to the vaccine point.
NEUT21|We've seen how it's been a really a fast development process and that continues to be the case, and so waiting to see when we do finally get those those final results on that.
NEUT22|As we know, July is a very busy month for vaccine candidates.
NEUT23|We have a couple starting clinical trials this month as well as.
BULL24|Some of the front runners are expecting results.
NEUT25|Hey investors, Zach Guzman here?
NEUT26|Are you interested in learning more about the markets and getting the latest financial news?
NEUT27|Well then click right here to subscribe to our Yahoo Finance YouTube channel.
NEUT28|"Get the latest up to the minute market analysis big interviews in the world of Finance and information on how to manage your money every day, wherever you are."""
