BULL0|"""Of course, we have unprecedented fiscal and monetary stimulus."
BEAR1|We're expecting a stronger recovery, but it seems the covid infections are really not helping.
NEUT2|Well, exactly Sherry.
BULL3|I mean, this is meant to be the year of global recovery, but we're having a pretty bumpy start to it.
BEAR4|There are now forecasts of double dip recessions in Japan and the eurozone in the UK.
BEAR5|We know in the US retail spending there is being dragged by the surge in cases only China is enjoying a kind kind of a V shape recovery, but even there the consumer remains nervous.
BEAR6|Retail spending is still not where it was before the virus, and that's the cause for some nervousness about the outbreak of the virus in the.
BULL7|And in order to area, so I think the overall theme is that yes, the world economy is still expected to recover this year, but at the same time it's going to need to be material rollout of the vaccines overcoming months to keep that kind of base case on track.
NEUT8|And right here, right now it starts.
BEAR9|Here is been more choppier I think than even most optimistic spected.
NEUT10|And the problem there is that perhaps this recovery, even if we get one, is not really being an even equal recovery.
NEUT11|No, not at all.
BEAR12|I mean to be clear what we're going to get in the 1st place will be a large jump in all of the economic data everywhere everywhere just because of the base effect.
BULL13|So the world economy will appear to be booming just because you're comparing data this year.
NEUT14|Too much.
NEUT15|More speakers a year ago, so that gets into the whole debate around or rebound versus full recovery.
BULL16|And either way, there's an expectation that the richer and more advanced countries will probably make more progress in distributing the vacuums early on that one of the concerns among economists.
NEUT17|And that will leave something over there versions with poor and emerging economies and having a kind of life are kated global economic recovery.
NEUT18|So I think the base case remains.
BULL19|Courses that the vaccine is starting there there and that there is potential for material progress in all of this.
NEUT20|But I think this is kind of a realization among economists.
NEUT21|This may not be a linear path at the rollout of the vaccinations and the recovery for the world economy might be more complicated than initially thought.
BEAR22|And of course, in terms of inequality, Hong Kong's come under a lot of criticism, particularly as a lot of the lockdown measures affected parts of the city that the poorest, which really exacerbated the already world.
BEAR23|Beating income inequality gap there, we're hearing that at least part of Kowloon are getting restrictions lifted.
NEUT24|What are we hearing about what's going on there?
NEUT25|Well, that's right.
NEUT26|Heidi.
BULL27|Over the weekend I pushed in a kind of a quasi lockdown over part over Colleen to contain an outbreak of the virus that's been lifted this morning.
NEUT28|They tested around 7000 people and apparently they found 13 or so positive infections.
BEAR29|I think it just speaks to the idea that even in jurisdictions like Hong Kong, where the virus is under relative control, authorities remain quite nervous of an outbreak, and they're willing to take whatever measures are needed to kind of curb it.
NEUT30|This is the most stringent steps that the Hong Kong authorities have taken.
NEUT31|Sense of arnsberger year ago, but on the flip side, your point, of course we know that these measures end up having a bigger impact on the poor areas.
BEAR32|We know that the virus is hurting lower paid workers and women harder than other sectors, and that the if you're higher up the income bracket and you work in the service sector, you have the luxury of working home.
NEUT33|That's not true for those in the manual work place and this measure taken over weekend speaks.
BEAR34|That seems that it hit the poorest part of Hong Kong hard.
NEUT35|So I think there is an aspect of inequality to it.
NEUT36|But it also.
BEAR37|A sense of nervousness among authorities that as we approach Chinese New Year, this part of the world.
BULL38|"There's a sense of ours not yet under control, and that they are willing to take whatever steps are necessary to try and curb it."""
