NEUT0|"""When and how to reopen the economy?"
BEAR1|Policy makers debate as stay at home orders expire in parts of the country.
BULL2|U.S. intelligence Chiefs confirm investigating if the coronavirus emerged from a lab accident in China, Amazon's sales jump but its profit misses expectations, while Apple shows resilience highlighting the strength of big tech.
NEUT3|I'm Shelby holiday and here's the latest on the coronavirus pandemic from the Wall Street Journal.
BEAR4|As tensions grow over, lockdown measures protesters against stay at home orders, some of them carrying rifles crowded inside Michigan's State Capitol on Thursday.
BEAR5|With the stay at home orders expiring in parts of the US, officials are debating how and when to ease lockdown restrictions.
BEAR6|Michigan's Republican LED Legislature declined to support the extension of a state of emergency, which expired at the end of April.
NEUT7|Governor Whitmer, a Democrat, has said the order will stay in place by her executive authority.
BEAR8|Meanwhile, retailers in Texas and Alabama are set to reopen with capacity restrictions on Friday, while Florida plans to start reopening next week.
BULL9|Some states, including New York and California, want to expand testing and contact tracing capacities before starting to reopen statewide.
NEUT10|In a rare public statement, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence confirmed investigating whether a lab accident in Wuhan could be at the origin of the pandemic.
NEUT11|U.S. intelligence agencies also said that they concur with the broad scientific consensus that the COVID-19 virus wasn't man-made or genetically modified.
NEUT12|There's a lot of theories, but yeah, we have people looking at it very, very strongly.
BEAR13|Some U.S. officials have suggested a lab accident could have led to the pandemic, though no concrete evidence has emerged to support the theory.
NEUT14|And the Chinese government has repeatedly denied it.
NEUT15|Many scientific experts say it's more likely that the pandemic was the result of humans being infected from animals.
BEAR16|As homebound customers flood Amazon with online orders, the company reported its quarterly revenue rose 26% from a year earlier, but profit fell.
BEAR17|Amazon faces additional costs, including higher shipping costs, pay rises and COVID-19 tests for workers.
BULL18|"Apple says its revenue rose 1% even as the pandemic shut down factories and dented sales in China with strong sales of services and wearables."""
