NEUT0|"""What's up guys?"
NEUT1|This is a quick video to help make sure that you're buying the correct only tokens when you're banned from Uni swap.
NEUT2|It looks like there's another token out there that's confusing people.
NEUT3|And some people think that it's related to economy because if you look here, it actually does say economy on it.
NEUT4|Right here and they saying that it's a Rep Keith.
NEUT5|And I'm trying to find out more about it and we're going to look at this person right here, says that it's not a scam to people.
NEUT6|A lot of people are saying it's a scam token, but it's not, it's only and that it's just a repte, a rap version.
NEUT7|And if you look here, this one says for anyone new to tokens and chain swaps, we want to make it clear that you do not need to swap your tokens.
NEUT8|Wrapping your only tokens is simply to enable you to use them on the Ethereum blockchain.
NEUT9|If you not do not attend intend on using your tokens on Uni, Swap or similar, you can leave them as they are.
NEUT10|So it almost seems like these wrapped only tokens, wrapped eith only tokens are actually having something to do with the economy is what I started to believe, But then I went into Twitter here and I looked at where somebody asked them about these tokens that are on uni swap.
NEUT11|An economy themselves says that this is a scam, so I wanted to make sure that we're talking about the same thing here.
NEUT12|So as you saw, I just copied this to the clipboard and I'm going to paste it here.
NEUT13|And if you look it is the exact same address that.
NEUT14|King Vision LLC asked to call me on Twitter about an economy's response.
NEUT15|Is this is a scam so I would not buy the WE slash only tokens.
BEAR16|The ones as you can tell, they're up to 0.029, which is different than the normal only tokens which are what we expected to fall after going onto uni swap and are at about 1 penny right now.
NEUT17|A good way to make sure you're bound the right one is check on Coinmarketcap.
NEUT18|Check on bit forex.
NEUT19|You can see that these are all around the same price here, whereas the fake the scam token is at 0.029.
NEUT20|So make sure you're bound the right thing when you're looking at uni swap.
NEUT21|If you have those scam tokens on accident they are really high right now so I'm right now an buy the dip for the only tokens so I just wanted to put this video out real quick so people know that this wrapped eith only token on uni swap is a scam token.
NEUT22|Do not buy it.
NEUT23|You're looking for.
NEUT24|"The rap, eith with rap to me, so make sure you're bound the correct token on Uni swap."""
