BEAR0|"""On today for stocks that were down a one is ghillie."
BULL1|Add it was awesome.
NEUT2|2% I want to bring in on Julie Khemlani.
BULL3|Honestly, I thought that was kind of interesting ghillie add here in the red on a day when the market ended higher.
BEAR4|And also this news coming out of Ghillie add on Rim des Aveer an inhalable.
BULL5|So a trial for that drug that led to a lot of excitement in this market, so that, I guess, could mean that people can get it without having to go on an Ivy.
NEUT6|And possibly you don't have to go to the hospital.
BEAR7|Is this some sort of a breakthrough for these numbers which have just been really dire the last few days?
BEAR8|Well, I know that in the recent past, I think the enthusiasm around Gilliad has sort of waned a little bit.
NEUT9|If you look at you know number one.
NEUT10|The results of that trial number of the trial of RAM disappear, and #2 if you're looking at sort of what is what else is out there on the market and also sort of the hopes that are pinned on a vaccine so you see a lot more.
NEUT11|Sort of energy around the vaccine companies nowadays, and so I think that that old plays a role.
BULL12|We also know that the results were sort of moderate from disappear initially, and so while the inhalable version is definitely a really big step when you're talking about who can use it and who it would be available to, that is something to look forward to.
NEUT13|I know that overseas there's some prices being set.
NEUT14|For some makers, you know, because it licensed the rum distributor out to other companies to produce.
NEUT15|There are price ranges that you know in the 2030 to 50 range.
NEUT16|Meanwhile, over here we have reports that could be as high as 4500, even though nothing has been set just yet.
NEUT17|So this is all you know.
NEUT18|Just laying out some factors don't know specifically what went into today's, you know action, but that definitely is one of the things that we've seen increasingly more focus on vaccines as there hasn't really been any major breakthrough when it comes to the treatment space.
NEUT19|And just want to lay on the overall numbers and sort of the update from today just to get the latest from you there as well.
NEUT20|Yeah, absolutely.
NEUT21|So we know that, uh, globally, we're actually nearing 9 million right now at the last night checked it was 8.9 million cases globally and more than 400 almost 470,000 deaths.
NEUT22|And so that's a really high number.
NEUT23|And it goes back to again with the World Health Organization is saying, which is that we're really seeing and.
BEAR24|Astronomical growth in these numbers of infected cases, but one thing to note is that death, especially in the US, have decreased.
BEAR25|We've seen some trends coming out of Florida where the average age of an infected person is actually reducing, and so that could explain through that's lower death rate that we've seen.
NEUT26|So in the US, those numbers at two point almost 2.3 million cases.
NEUT27|Meanwhile, debts at 120,000.
NEUT28|Hey investors, Zach Guzman here, are you interested in learning more about the markets and getting the latest financial news will then click right here.
NEUT29|To subscribe to our Yahoo Finance YouTube channel, get the latest up to the minute market analysis.
NEUT30|"Big interviews in the world of finance and information on how to manage your money every day wherever you are."""
