BEAR0|"""Facebook's antitrust fight started today."
BEAR1|More than 40 attorneys general and the Federal Trade Commission have filed long awaited lawsuits accusing Facebook of illegal anticompetitive tactics.
NEUT2|The focus here on Facebook's acquisition of Instagram and WhatsApp, our tech editor, Dan Hally, is joining us now for more.
NEUT3|So, Dan, what do we know about this?
NEUT4|Yeah, this is a wide ranging antitrust lawsuit against Facebook from 48 state attorneys general, as well as the FTC's own suit.
NEUT5|And I just want to go ahead and read a statement from New York Attorney General Letitia James.
NEUT6|She's the one leading the suit, she said.
NEUT7|No company should have this much unchecked power over our personal information and our social interactions and that's why we're taking action today and standing up for the millions of consumers and millions of small businesses.
BEAR8|That have been hurt by Facebook's illegal behavior.
BEAR9|Now the FTC suit, Meanwhile, is actually going further than the state attorneys general in their own statement, they say that they are seeking permanent injunctions in federal court that could, among other things, require Defense Sisters of assets, including Instagram and WhatsApp.
NEUT10|So essentially with the FTC is saying here is that they would like to see Facebook broken apart the three disparate parts of it.
NEUT11|Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp.
NEUT12|A separated into different companies, but they say that they are seeking that and that it could do that, not necessarily that that's what will happen.
NEUT13|And the experts that we've spoken to throughout the past two years have said that that's unlikely to happen.
NEUT14|It's more more likely that we'll see some kind of statement coming from this, that Facebook has to move ahead and clear any future mergers with the FTC or some kind of development along those lines, but obviously this is a huge huge.
NEUT15|Issue for Facebook.
BEAR16|The stock is obviously reacting to this as well and Facebook is just the second company now to face these kinds of lawsuits, we have Google's parent alphabet already facing its own antitrust.
NEUT17|Do an Amazon and Apple are expected to get hit by similar seats in the future?
NEUT18|Alright, we're going to leave it there.
BEAR19|We see the stock down nearly 3% right now.
NEUT20|Dan hally.
BULL21|"Thanks for bringing that breaking news to us."""
