NEUT0|"""It looks like China's Alibaba hit the Jack pot with its mega shopping event called Singles Day."
NEUT1|Emily McCormick is here now with the eye popping sales totals and Emily.
NEUT2|You know, I know singles day usually takes place over 24 hours on November 11th, but this year it was spread out over several days, right?
NEUT3|That's why Alexa Singles Day was a longer event this year for Alibaba and the other Chinese e-commerce Giants that participated this year.
NEUT4|The event spanned from November 1st through the end of November 11th in China.
NEUT5|And typically it is just a 24 hour shopping spree on 1111.
BULL6|Now Alibaba absolutely shattered sales records with this here singles day, we saw over the course of those days.
BULL7|Overall sales came in at more than $75 billion, or nearly double the 38 billion that Alibaba had brought in during the singles day last year.
BULL8|Now a similar strategy that we're seeing here from Alibaba, relative to some of the US companies like Target and Walmart, which has really been pulling forward their discounts and special sales for Black Friday.
NEUT9|For example, in order to try and capitalize on that pent up consumer demand during the pandemic.
NEUT10|Now, for singles day, a number of U.S. companies, including Apple and Nike, also participated offering some discounts on their products, or at least Alibaba offering discounts through the platform.
NEUT11|An US singer Katy Perry actually performed via live stream at the kickoff yesterday.
NEUT12|Now Alibaba has not provided details or breakdowns on what product specifically or what companies product actually sold best during the event, but just in terms of what this means overall for the company.
BULL13|Singles Day sales likely provided a much needed boost here for Alibaba, given the results that we saw for the September quarter when sales growth was actually the slowest ever that we saw for a September quarter for Alibaba now, I also want to give an update on jd.com.
BULL14|That's an E Commerce Company that competes with Alibaba.
NEUT15|That company also offering singles day deals between the 1st and 11th of November this year.
NEUT16|Those sales coming in at more than $40.8 billion.
NEUT17|The company also giving some pretty shocking details about consumer demand during this year.
BEAR18|The company noted that in the 1st 11 minutes of the singles Day event, JD private label sales exceeded sales during the entire T of November 11th last year.
NEUT19|So again record setting day for these Chinese e-commerce Giants and potentially something here that could feed into the results that we see for the current quarter Alexis.
BEAR20|But you don't despite those record sales that you just laid out for us, we saw Alibaba stockandjd.com stock come under pressure.
BULL21|Although I did see recently jd.com starting to bounce back.
NEUT22|But does this have anything to do with the Chinese government coming out with those new antitrust regulations?
NEUT23|It absolutely does.
BEAR24|Alexis and we do still have shares of Alibaba down about 11% for November to date.
BEAR25|Really seen China looking to rein in some of the power of the country's largest companies and it could be consequential for alibabajd.com and other players like Tencent.
NEUT26|We had the state administration for market regulation releasing yesterday draft rules that listed specific guidelines over what it considered anticompetitive behavior.
NEUT27|Now these include conducting unfair pricing, selling below cost limiting transactions to curb competition.
NEUT28|And using data in certain ways to target shoppers.
NEUT29|Now these new rules also suggest that violators may be forced to divest assets, intellectual property or technology, or adjust their algorithms.
BEAR30|So that's something that could potentially create business changes that have to fall.
NEUT31|Companies like Alibaba.
BEAR32|"Now the administration is seeking public feedback on these regulations until November 30th, but again, just the specter of this additional crackdown causing a bit of choppiness in these stock prices Alexis."""
