NEUT0|"""2020 is finally over and frankly, a lot of investors would rather never speak of it again."
BULL1|The outlook for 2021 is much brighter.
BULL2|Investors broadly think it's going to be a good environment for global stocks.
BULL3|The worst is behind us after all, but last year taught us that pessimism pays.
NEUT4|So what can go wrong?
NEUT5|The first thing is that it's not generally a great idea when investors broadly agree with each other, and right now they do.
BEAR6|The vaccine is going to be difficult to rollout globally.
BEAR7|The virus itself is still biting into the global population, and the damage on companies and economies around the world is going to take time to shift.
BEAR8|If any of these things deteriorate more than the market currently anticipates, then you're going to see a lot of investors heading for the exit from risky bets all at once.
NEUT9|Central bankers saved the day in 2020 alongside finance ministers when they pump trillions of dollars into the financial system.
BEAR10|The issue now is whether they can hold the line if we see any signs that they might pull back on that support, then you could see a serious wobble in markets.
NEUT11|We've seen this before in 2013 with the famous taper tantrum and we could easily see it again.
NEUT12|Rate hikes are basically a non starter, but if you just start to hear a little bit of uncertainty watch out.
NEUT13|Then there's inflation.
NEUT14|Now this has been the markets bogeyman for years.
BEAR15|People have been saying it's going to make a comeback ever since the crisis of 2008, and they've been wrong every time.
NEUT16|But maybe this time is different, and if it is, you could see a real hit to the government bond market and potentially also to equities too.
NEUT17|It's a tail risk, but it's worth watching.
NEUT18|Then there's politics, and in this regard, keep a really close eye on US big tech stocks, which really dragged the markets up from their lows of March last year.
NEUT19|The new administration in the states is some investors think more likely to impose taxation and regulation on this sector.
BULL20|Now all of this, all of the extra spending that the US administration might bring through could be great news for different stocks.
BEAR21|For small cap stocks for sectors that have underperformed over the past few months, but any damage to big tech which makes up such a big part of the US market.
NEUT22|Is definitely worth watching.
NEUT23|Then there's the dollar.
BEAR24|It's been sliding for months, but some investors are starting to wonder if it could accelerate and really Jack up other currencies around the world.
BEAR25|At a certain point, authorities in other countries will really start to bristle at this, and they might start to push back.
NEUT26|"So watch out and good luck."""
