NEUT0|"""Hello guys and girls and welcome to the brand new analysis for first April 2021 guys."
BEAR1|As you can see currently gold is trading on 1697 and I did said yesterday that it will drop below this one and it's going to reach around 1650 area.
NEUT2|It didn't.
NEUT3|The reason behind it was is that I did really predict a bit early because whenever there is a drop like we had a drop from 1717 fourteen to 1780 or 77.
NEUT4|We do expect a little bit of retracement and sometime it can be the whole day that it will take for retracement and that what happened so.
NEUT5|But the reason I'm still bearish on the momentum is that in order to support my analysis is is this momentum on a monthly basis?
NEUT6|As you can see currently I don't see a really big support on these areas in the past years.
NEUT7|I would say we're talking about 2012 because it was in the same range.
BEAR8|When you know on the same price in 2012 and then it started to drop down and it went.
BULL9|Up sorry it went down as low as 1041 and then it started to climb and then has a bumpy ride for the gold and it ultimately achieved the highest target of 2073 and now currently trading around 1698.
BEAR10|But expectedly it's going to drop.
NEUT11|I would suggest those who are doing scalping can kick you know or a short term traders can catch this bumpy ride and whenever there it sits on the lowest one they can buy.
BEAR12|But it can be dangerous for them as well because.
NEUT13|It can go anytime you know it can go high low at anytime because the whole momentum it's a downward direction.
NEUT14|If you check the monthly chart as well, it's continuously from three months from January, February and March, which is going to be, and it is.
NEUT15|The candle will close, you know bearish.
NEUT16|So I'm expecting that the another which one which is April is going to start bearish as well the highest that it might go in April is going to be 1017 ten and that that would be the highest for me at the maximum, highest that it might go will be 1720.
BEAR17|After that we will see a downward trend as well.
NEUT18|Currently, for a long term I'm bearish on a short term I'm bullish.
BULL19|That's all from me from trade with Assim, I wish you a very good luck before I finish my video.
NEUT20|Those people who are watching my channel for the first time and haven't subscribed to my YouTube channel, I would request you guys to subscribe to my channel and don't forget to hit the Bell icon so that you get the all the updates that I post on daily basis.
NEUT21|Apart from that, if you are interested to have some discussion group with me an other group members, don't forget to join the.
NEUT22|"Telegram Channel the link is given in the description and in addition don't forget to read the disclaimer as it's given in the description to thank you and I wish you a very good luck with your trading."""
