BULL0|"""We think that the biggest opportunity right now in China really moves away from that manufacturing and production story and towards a recovery in consumption."
BULL1|Recently, as as your hosts have alluded to, we've seen a lot of opportunity in the electric vehicle space.
NEUT2|China is obviously the largest electric vehicle market in the world, and you're seeing players like.
NEUT3|Show me now.
NEUT4|Enter with Baidu and with Galeoto competing with Tesla.
NEUT5|So there's a lot of heating up in that segment of consumer discretionary.
BEAR6|But looking forward, I mean, as you guys mentioned on your show, there's mixed performance in airlines, we're expecting to see a resumption and travel with the rollback of a lot of the lockdown measures seen in China.
BULL7|So there's a lot of opportunity there as consumers start shifting their preferences for spending on things at home towards being able to travel again with the April and May Holidays approaching.
BEAR8|So even if you can pull out some of these at highly investable themes that seem very positive over the long term, Chelsea, you know emerging markets China is no different, can have some spectacularly good years of returns and some spectacularly bad years so far this year has been a bit rocky for Chinese markets.
NEUT9|Where do you think we're going to end up over the course of this year?
BULL10|So over the last year, we've seen a lot of really positive performance coming from that consumer discretionary story.
BEAR11|You know, the consumer discretionary sector is outperformed the S&P 500, for example, over the last year, a lot of that continued performance will come from the consumer discretionary sector.
BULL12|Retail sales are still lagging prepandemic levels by about 10%, so as more consumers feel confident in the recovery of the economy, you'll start to see that reflected and more consumers.
BULL13|Funding, but also a shift.
NEUT14|You know Tord really high tech segments of the economy.
NEUT15|"So Internet and E Commerce we like a lot, not just in China but across the region."""
