NEUT0|"""Let's do the futures outlook."
BULL1|Now the NASDAQ, as you know, soaring today.
NEUT2|After falling into correction territory yesterday, let's bring in Bill Baruch and Brian, Scotland for the Futures trade stats, tell us, alright, where are we going from here?
NEUT3|Everybody wants to know it's all about the NASDAQ.
NEUT4|Yeah, there's been a ton of talk about NASDAQ value, the rotation that's going on, and there are some really key levels and something interesting going on right?
NEUT5|And right now I'm looking at the June futures contract here, because that's going to be the next Active futures contract next week.
NEUT6|If you look at this 12,800 level on the futures.
BULL7|If we close above there to me, that's a key reversal here, and we can move significantly higher if we don't.
BEAR8|If we fail this, then you're looking at the downside 12,100 even further in a Yikes scenario 11,200.
NEUT9|So I think with expiration coming up next week, if we can get some confirmation to this rally, one more step you know if were 13,000, maybe acts as a magnet for options expiration, then it's higher.
NEUT10|But this is a great area to put a hedge on, because I don't think the NASDAQ is staying right here.
NEUT11|It's either moving significantly higher next quarter, or this is just sell the rip today.
NEUT12|And give you a chance to yourself to get out of technology and make that rotation into value.
NEUT13|What's the fundamental take Bill?
NEUT14|Thanks George and I, I really agree with a lot of the levels that brians bring it up and I'm looking at the same exact ones but for me this is this is first a Treasury story and 2nd the text story because really what we've seen is is the Treasurys yields is really ramp up and that makes investors before in the forces that make a choice.
NEUT15|Are they going to take the risk free return or overpriced?
BEAR16|Some of the overpriced tech stocks and we've seen that come take the wind out of the sails overall at the reopening trade going on the news that J&J with with their with their one shot vaccine but at the same time.
NEUT17|Yesterday the NASDAQ held that low from Friday and then also it's not a coincidence that the Treasury is the 10 year prices in the third year.
BULL18|Prices also held down low, so as the yield curve flattens right now and comes back in, I think that that's bullish tech, but we got to close above those levels.
NEUT19|Brian's talking about, I will follow that.
BULL20|"Thank you guys."""
