NEUT0|"""Explain this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, the pull back on this one continues and the price is now actually right here at this area that I've talked about previously at 129.
NEUT5|In fact, the very interesting dynamic now moving forward is when you look closely you can see the price is actually closed slightly below that area.
NEUT6|So the big question mark moving forward is is this the start of something much bigger from the Bears?
NEUT7|Are the Bears getting ready to you know push this thing even lower.
NEUT8|But to be fair, because it's still well within the range of that area of support.
NEUT9|This could just be, you know, a situation where it gets kind of stuck up in the range and then you know.
NEUT10|Turns itself background, so that's a possibility too, but that doesn't take away from the key premise here in the premises there is now a big question mark in terms of what exactly is going to happen here.
NEUT11|With this 129 mark, so that will be a very interesting dynamic.
NEUT12|Now in the event the price decides it wants to just continue to push to the downside, the next key battleground that the Bears would then have to fight down through would then be down there, not until basically 128.
BEAR13|So there's about a dollar of room here that the price could continue to drift downwards.
NEUT14|So you want to keep a close eye on 128.
NEUT15|If, like I said, this is the start of a bigger break down.
NEUT16|Now.
NEUT17|To be fair though, maybe this thing starts to turn back around, and if that's the case and the price starts to head back upwards, key area of resistance to watch any sort of attempted bounce back to the upside going to be right there around the 1:30 fifteen mark and then from definitely more of an overarching standpoint, you know you'll want to continue to watch that pink line up there, that 200.
NEUT18|Moving average you can see right there really rejected the price down current value of that is at one 3150.
NEUT19|But to be fair, like so, that's kind of irrelevant right now.
NEUT20|'cause First off, the prices, gotta you know?
BULL21|Not only turn itself around and get up to that level, but it's also got to be able to push through that level.
NEUT22|But nonetheless like that just kind of as an FYI that 200.
NEUT23|Is more so that overarching level of resistance, but it'll be interesting to see how this one closes out the week on Friday.
NEUT24|But yeah, all is going to be watching that 129 mark.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT27|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me.
BULL28|To transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it all though.
NEUT33|Including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT36|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note.
NEUT38|Is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT39|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT40|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
