NEUT0|"""Hey fools, this is Eric Bleeker and this is our ask a full segment today."
NEUT1|We have a question from Stephanie about self driving cars so it is what tech company is leading the way in developing the technology for self driving cars.
NEUT2|Thanks for the question Stephanie.
NEUT3|Self driving cars sure are cool.
NEUT4|In fact I took one to work today.
NEUT5|No I didn't because they're just in Mountain View with Google.
NEUT6|And sadly I'm not Sergey Brin.
NEUT7|Or have billions of dollars.
NEUT8|But if you invest right hey, who knows?
NEUT9|Maybe you could have billion.
NEUT10|So what we're looking at with self driving cars is a market that's going to take a long time to take off.
NEUT11|It requires not only government buying, especially on a local, regional and state level, but it requires continuing maturation of technologies and you need to get to the proper economics.
NEUT12|Oh, that was a mouthful, but what we're looking at is Google is actually building its own cars right now to try and kind of speed up this process.
NEUT13|Google is not the only car company that has been working on technology.
NEUT14|You could look at leaders like Audi or BMW as well, but where I think you'll be able to possibly invest in the trend in coming years.
NEUT15|Well, you could look at OEM auto part makers like Delphi or Autoliv and they've built a lot of these sensors that are built into the cars by Googling either company you could find a treasure trove of information on how they're involved.
NEUT16|Also, I think you could look beyond the car industry itself and look at something like.
NEUT17|American Tower American Tower essentially leases space to cell phone companies, and if you look at cars may be needing to connect to a broader cell phone network.
NEUT18|We're going to need to see a densification of our coverage in the cellular industry where they actually stand to gain from this trend.
NEUT19|And finally, I'd mention that you could look at Google itself because at some point they might license their technology and they seem to be quite the leader in the space.
NEUT20|So self driving cars.
NEUT21|Like I said, we're going to take awhile, but I've got an estimate here.
BULL22|From Morgan Stanley estimated 5.6 trillion in potential savings with 150 billion fuel savings and 148 billion in accident avoidance and both those last two numbers are just in the US alone, so the potential is massive.
NEUT23|You just have to have a little patience, but there are some investment opportunities to watch in the years ahead, so that's my take on self driving cars.
NEUT24|And hey, if you've got a question, shoot it to ask a fool at full.
NEUT25|"Com full on."""
