NEUT0|"""Hey, how's it going?"
NEUT1|Everyone I want to Penny stock that did break out after hours about 75% and it looks like it could continue going into tomorrow as it did end the day with about 8,000,000 volume and on average they have about 100,000 volume that is almost about 80 times as much volume as an average and we could possibly see a break out.
NEUT2|Like I said if it does break our resistance so much you guys exactly what that looks like and again much later in the comment section as you guys have been showing tons of love.
BULL3|Much love to you guys and if you guys have not described we do well on Monday through Friday on entries and breakouts.
NEUT4|So be on lookout for more of those.
NEUT5|Now we are going to go over BTX again.
NEUT6|BTX was one of the nicest.
NEUT7|Run up going into after hours today so this one came up all the way to around 821 after hours and days it is actually holding and I did draw terminology lines here so you guys can see exactly what we're going to break out of now.
NEUT8|We do have the 865 mark that we do want to break out of as this was our previous sell off point and again this is on the five minutes so we are going to try to break this 1020 Mark as well.
BULL9|If we can break this 865 mark I will be buying into this and have a tight stop loss around 860 and if it does break over eight 10:20 we could possibly see another break around $15.00.
BULL10|So we are going to definitely have BTX.
BULL11|On the watch as again, a ton of volume has been coming in and we could potentially see a breakout going into pre market.
NEUT12|Now again I do expect this one more so to make it smoother in premarket compared to actually opening an actually making this moves into open.
NEUT13|So again I would think that this would probably be a premarket play.
NEUT14|an A nice day trade going into this again if you guys do not day trade or play premarket then I definitely would be careful if you guys are going to play into this make sure you are watching premarket an what kind of movement has been making you wanted to definitely hold above that 865 mark going into open in my opinion.
NEUT15|If it does hold over a 65 going into open, then there might be still applying this to this one.
NEUT16|But however, like I said, I will be buying into this pre market if it does break 865 and possibly have a nice day trade going into the 1020 mark.
NEUT17|If it does break since we like I said we could possibly see the skies from there.
NEUT18|So again like I said I do have BTX on the watch.
NEUT19|I do like this one as there is a ton of volume coming in and again much left here in the comment section is always and we will have two more videos after this on potential breakouts.
BULL20|Going so far as well.
BULL21|"And again God bless you guys and I will see you guys in the next video."""
