NEUT0|"""As a sort of teenager, I had this feeling that I wanted to change the world and I wasn't sure how."
NEUT1|You know one could do that.
NEUT2|If they knew the economics was interested in climate change and inequality and gender inequality also, and the economics gives you the tools to help to tackle these problems, then I think we could attract more more girls to study the subject.
NEUT3|And I've used several different kinds of quantitative methods to address questions related to inequality and discrimination and violence against women and gender inequality in the labor market.
NEUT4|I'm generally interested in what's called human capital.
NEUT5|In developing countries, so human capital is everything that makes human being sort of productive, but started looking at some real world policy issues and I realized that it was economics that would give me the tools to really understand what was going on and I'm really interested in how people behave and how government might be able to improve people's lives through policy reforms.
NEUT6|I'm interested in explaining Inequality's in economic outcomes across geographic space, and so I'll be following their governments.
NEUT7|Leveling up agenda with quite a lot of interest in the coming years.
NEUT8|Waiting, it's really nice that economics really allows us to address any kind of question which we think is important.
NEUT9|My research I'm.
NEUT10|I am an economy Trish, and so my research focuses on the statistical modeling of economics.
NEUT11|When I look at the economists like women and the directors in the multinational companies or women who were working at the Stock Exchange, they really affected me because I saw them like strong, confident woman surviving in a male dominated area and I think I just wanted to be one of them.
NEUT12|Current hero is Janet Yellen, who has been an outstanding academic and is now the first woman to occupy the Chief Secretary of the Treasury position in the US.
NEUT13|The economic issues affecting women globally are the economic issues affecting everyone globally.
BEAR14|In the case of woman, unfortunately there is sort of systematic tendency for things to be worse.
BEAR15|The big issue we're facing at the moment is the covid pandemic, and that's impacted men and women differently in both developed and developing countries, with women bearing more of the costs compared to men.
NEUT16|And it's definitely not just about money, interest rates, government borrowing, and government spending, it's it's about life.
NEUT17|You can actually make an economic model of.
BULL18|Anything and everything in the lifestyle BC I have been really lucky to get some work in a range of jobs doing really interesting research into really important issues affect peoples day-to-day lives and living standards.
NEUT19|But you're covering every area of society really is amazing.
NEUT20|Kind of dinner table conversation as well is great so that you know you sit there and really like being expert in something that is affecting everyone.
NEUT21|"Everyone is interested in finding out more about."""
