NEUT0|"""So one PC which is very active because the government is evaluating options of selling majority stake in that company, which is BPCL to global oil Company and this is in stark contrast to the news flow that has been believed earlier so that Singh of Bloomberg News joins us now on this exclusive story."
NEUT1|So that what are you learning?
NEUT2|How this change coming about?
NEUT3|See, I don't know.
NEUT4|I don't know how we're reading it, but basically the idea is commented very clear.
NEUT5|They want to offload the entire stake in our petroleum.
NEUT6|To anybody who's willing to take it up, but the discussions are currently very preliminary, So what shape it finally takes up, you don't know, but one of the considerations is that government is also open to the idea of selling it to any foreign oil major, because what happens is that.
NEUT7|That company would bring in.
BULL8|Competition would bring in huge amount of money into this company, So what they're expecting is that it would kind of shake up the India's retail fuel sector so they would bring in some kind of competition.
NEUT9|Also, because now currently we have one or two public sector entities.
NEUT10|Plus we have one or two private sector players.
BULL11|What they believe in bringing a foreign company directly into retailing into India would bring in some kind of competition as well as it also helps comment raise the money.
NEUT12|The interesting bit is that are that they're looking to do it or not with the smallest.
NEUT13|Oil marketing company well, that is also anyway sold off, but an again not at the largest but the one which is about 80,000 frozen and on which the conversations hitherto were of getting merged or divested with a with a local company.
NEUT14|And now we certainly talking about the change in thought process which is a bit surprising.
NEUT15|See the change in thought process also has to be seen in reality because how do you raise the one lacquer rolls on in your disinvestment Kitty look?
NEUT16|That's a huge number that government has set for the current financial year.
NEUT17|So until and unless you pick up some big company and sell it off, you won't be able to raise one Lac roll.
NEUT18|Plus they also feel that the at a time and these companies were were converted into public sector undertaking.
NEUT19|There were certain social objectives India needed.
BULL20|UH, security for its oil needs, but now we believe about so many years have passed and and those objectives have also been met to a great extent and you still have two big companies operating in the region in the public sector retail sector, so they would continue to do so, and it's time to go out and privatize one of these companies and also raise resources.
NEUT21|"How do you get the resources to meet your social objectives?"""
