BULL0|"""Thanks for tuning in."
NEUT1|In this episode will cover the recent surge in stock price for Netflix and explore more about this developing trend.
BEAR2|On Monday, July 6, Netflix's stock hit an all time high, closing slightly below the $500 mark.
BULL3|The increased stock prices have now given Netflix an estimated $219 billion market value.
NEUT4|It appears that the connection between the pandemic and staying home for longer durations has helped the rise of Netflix recently, but what is also interesting is that there were varied speculations surrounding the damage that Disney Plus would create for Netflix as its newest and most significant competitor.
BEAR5|Netflix has seemingly shrugged at this notion, debunking those who believe Disney Plus would steal a large percentage of the market share.
NEUT6|Senior analyst at Liberty X Mariana gives her insight into the recent Netflix developments.
BEAR7|For Netflix stock price reaching slightly below the mark of $500 in the past few days can be related to the lock down and stay at home trend.
BULL8|The bus of viewers subscribers in the past few months can be completely reflected in the first quarter with a reported increase of 15.8 million subscribers on the new company expectations of 7.5 million subscribers.
NEUT9|This is for the second quarter that this prediction that came with a warning.
BEAR10|The prediction could be widely missed by the uncertainty of the situation for COVID-19.
NEUT11|Additionally, we have to consider the release of Disney Plus and how much damage this could create for the value of the stock price for Netflix.
NEUT12|However, there is one thing playing positive for Netflix this day at home orders meant to prevent producing any new content for all streaming services.
BULL13|Now this means for Netflix acquiring millions of new subscribers, reducing the cost of span for producing new content.
NEUT14|Overall, investors should consider higher than usual volatility for Netflix stock price.
NEUT15|What are your thoughts on the rise in Netflix stock?
NEUT16|Do you think it's sustainable?
NEUT17|Let us know in the comments, and be sure to like and subscribe to our channel for breaking updates that concern your trading.
BULL18|"Thanks for watching and see you next time."""
