NEUT0|"""Alright guys, today I'm gonna let you in on quite the little secret on the market right now."
NEUT1|Here we have a penny stock trading at just $1.00.
NEUT2|That just keeps going up and we actually talked about these guys along time ago.
NEUT3|So if you bought into the stock then I want to say congratulations because you just made a lot of money.
NEUT4|It's about time we covered this stock separately because analysts still think you should buy this in April and it's blown past all of its price target so far.
NEUT5|Hey, what's going on guys welcome back.
BULL6|Thank you for joining me with another penny stock video.
BULL7|I'm glad you could join me again, so we're again taking a look at one of, if not the most profitable stock on this channel.
NEUT8|And a lot has happened since I first mentioned them.
NEUT9|So let's get right into this.
NEUT10|This stock is currently getting a ton of hype all over the Internet, including Reddit and Wall Street bets, and this is quite a rare case of Reddit and analysts agreeing on the same stock.
NEUT11|Basically everybody is telling you to buy DNN stock, and the price is going up a lot and as many of you guys probably already know, this is your radium stock, and uranium is going to be very, very relevant for the next coming.
NEUT12|Years uranium energy is just simply thousands and thousands of times more efficient than cold, and people are really, really starting to pick up on these penny stocks is right now, with volumes going up to 50 million.
NEUT13|Now what you need to know when you're making this play and why uranium is so popular and profitable right now is that uranium was actually being extracted at an all time low back in 2019.
NEUT14|But obviously with the Biden administration now pushing for better and renewable energy sources.
NEUT15|These kinds of stocks are now just absolutely blowing up, and analysts still think you should buy them.
NEUT16|That's because they could still have a very long way to go because they had to come all the way from the bottom and they're going to be relevant for the next four years.
NEUT17|I'm going to give this talk my rating, but before I can responsibly do something then you through some important metrics that you need to know about this stock.
NEUT18|If you're even thinking about investing your money in it, obviously the stock price is very low, just $1.30.
BULL19|But with this many people looking at the stock, the market cap is going all the way up over a billion.
BULL20|Regardless, that does make it a little bit more safe, and it's one of the cheaper uranium companies that you can buy the stock in the company's all under very good management, so their balance sheet is looking pretty clean and even though the company didn't see much inflation until recently, they've actually managed to hold onto a price to the ratio of four point 89.
BULL21|This means that they have relatively enough assets to back up their current stock.
BULL22|Price is not that crazy and we are obviously expecting them to grow in the next four years, let alone if Biden gets reelected.
BULL23|We're going to be seeing this stuff grow by a lot, and that is if things continue the way that they're going right now.
BULL24|So with that being said, I do write this talk personally as a 66 out of 100 it's very solid rating.
NEUT25|It means that rather buy this stuff.
NEUT26|Obviously when I talked about this stock along time ago, I would have rated it in 89 out of 100, but I still agree with analysts thinking that this stock and see a lot of gains in the next 4 to 8 years, so I don't expect to get rich right away.
BEAR27|This is definitely a long term hold.
NEUT28|According to most analysts, well, actually think it's going to go up in the course of the next 12 months and again, this should not be considered as a recommendation or financial advice of any kind.
NEUT29|This is simply our educated opinion on the stock market and guess what if you want to catch amazing opportunities like this for free?
NEUT30|Because we did talk about this stock along time ago, be sure you're subscribed to the channel because we always talk about the stocks that nobody really finds out until it's too late.
NEUT31|So go ahead and do that.
BULL32|Right now, you'll give yourself a huge advantage over the market and with that being said, if you made it all the way to the end of this video, I really appreciate you.
BULL33|"You're awesome and I'll see you in the next one."""
