BULL0|"""Hey guys, welcome back to another video."
NEUT1|Alright so it's day I won't really get into if Apple is still a buy.
BEAR2|So I mean I think that's a bit a bit badly phrased climbing up.
BEAR3|Well, I think in my opinion will always be a buy, but at the moment it has the markets been selling off.
BEAR4|You know the market has been selling off Amazon's down to Teslas down Facebook's down, Apple is down, Shopify is down and so there are a lot of a lot of deals right now.
NEUT5|A lot of opportunities to get in.
NEUT6|At all these huge companies at a discounted rates with a pretty decent margin of profits.
NEUT7|So at the moment I'm looking at Apple with 180 day, 4 hour charts, and you know, I've got some a line here and basically at the moment looks like it is still continuing to sell off.
NEUT8|It hasn't formed units, formula resistance against the SMAD line, but it tends to continue to break that, so we're not sure yet to win.
NEUT9|The reversal is going to happen.
NEUT10|Obviously Maxine they are size.
NEUT11|Well, those are indicators you can see there are sites you know it's close to quite oversold so.
NEUT12|For in my opinion, you know, just set your alerts, keep an eye out because this could be really good opportunity, so I don't think the profit margin be that huge.
NEUT13|Probably be around 5 to 7% in the short term.
NEUT14|If you're like swing trading, but obviously you know if you want to invest in Apple Long term getting it already such a discounted rate would be a pretty good boost for you, but if you're you know, even in the swing in the swing trading holding overnight, this would be a great grade by once it forms of resistance.
NEUT15|And you have to do your own research for that to understand where it's going forwards resistance.
NEUT16|If you want to go in early.
NEUT17|If you want to wait for confirmation and then capitalize on the opportunity, it's all about waiting for that reversal and then seeking out the opportunity to penetrate the opportunity and make sure that you can get in on time.
NEUT18|And the thing with Apple like compared to another like stock, for example with day trading is that you know Apple is going to be relatively stable and a huge catalyst which is upcoming next week.
NEUT19|It's actually their earnings, so this doesn't necessarily have to be positive thing.
BEAR20|You know it could be negative as well, and that could drive the share price to go down and sell off a bit more.
NEUT21|Things could get worse before getting good again, but just to keep in mind the earnings date is around the corner, and that could always be a positive catalyst, and I think it's just a matter of time until the market stop selling off and all these stocks go up again.
NEUT22|So a lot of great deals right now.
BULL23|A lot of great opportunities to get out there and get some discounted rates at very very good stocks.
NEUT24|And.
NEUT25|It's up to you guys to seek opportuities make the most of them and find out what's best for you.
NEUT26|You know this is just a little heads up.
NEUT27|Keep an eye on all these stocks because a lot of good deals are on the horizon next week.
NEUT28|The week ahead coming so just keep a lookout.
BULL29|Hope you guys enjoy this.
BULL30|I hope I hope you learn something new and I gained your thumbs up.
NEUT31|"Subscribe I post every day and I will see you all tomorrow."""
