NEUT0|"""Hello YouTube, welcome back to the channel today and today we're going to be talking about a penny stock that I do believe is going to 5/8."
NEUT1|I think this stock right here is going to be one that I'm going to be holding for long term as this has been a stock.
BULL2|Have talked about many times on the channel but I still do think that Jack Egg has great potential long term with the downfall that we have seen.
NEUT3|I'm going to go over some of the reasons why.
NEUT4|Also giving my first prediction, my price analysis and also some price targets.
NEUT5|Look at for Jagex talk so as I do take a look at this at an analysis standpoint I can kind of put this picture ever since we bounced off of that resistance of 368.
BEAR6|We've been on the downward spiral, but we've hit the support 190 twice, but we've bounced back and now we're only consolidation period for jagged Jagex.
NEUT7|Earnings is going to be on April 14th, so that is going to be a big indicator of what is going to happen next.
NEUT8|It'll show what the revenue is going to be like for Jagex within the next few quarters encounter, predict what's going to happen next now.
NEUT9|Also, cover that if you guys do like this type of video, make sure you leave me like comment subscribe down below.
NEUT10|It helps my channel a lot, so now as I do take a look at, you know the precinct earnings of gagging stock.
NEUT11|We seen an actual and estimate and the actual was actually point.
NEUT12|Or four in the Eskimos point?
BULL13|15 So it is actually looking pretty good.
NEUT14|And it looks like they're not beating earnings recently, but we are going to see what is going to happen next.
BEAR15|If we do take a look at the five day chart here we can kind of see this line had been on a continuous downtrend for around a dollar which was around 33% of the actual stock price.
NEUT16|But the all time high is $4.47.
BEAR17|On this doc, I believe that the volume is a lot less, but it is because a lot of people is not actually finding this talk or actually buying it.
BULL18|A lot of people is holding this stock because they do think it's going to be a great stock long term.
NEUT19|Remember guys, I'm not a financial advisor is for entertainment purposes only.
NEUT20|This talk right here just days ago a little bit above the support.
NEUT21|As long as we break the resistance that is coming up around the 261 will probably have to see it.
NEUT22|Kind of, you know, take a few days but we have to see what's going to happen next with emerge that could possibly happen with Jagex stock.
BULL23|This stock right here is going to be a good one.
BULL24|It is under the health care sector so I do believe it is going to be great long term, but Jagex is going to see the most movement here soon.
BEAR25|As I do agree because I think the volume is seeing lower due to people just holding the stock and that is something that we do have to indicate.
NEUT26|Is that the reason why I do kind of want to go over something else with the Jagex stock?
NEUT27|OK, so as you guys can see here, the potential spinoff of Jag eggs Nappo pharmaceutical unit to make an objective assessment of its entire business and the opportunity that lay before it's the merger between Napa and the Post Pandemic Recovery Spank.
BULL28|OK, so Jagex plans to get my Tessie the companies treatment of diarrhea for people with HIV and AIDS approved for European used to treat diarrhea and COVID-19 long collar patients.
NEUT29|OK, so that's something that is also going to be big 'cause it does have something to do with the COVID-19 pandemic and once it does come out and their plants get successful.
BULL30|This stock could see a potential great, just like you know the stock BNGOOM.
BULL31|Therefore Jagex issued a press release the same day stating that it would have signed a Mo U with the Dragon's pack lead sponsor led by the New York City based Impact investor Josh Mailman Thiemo you states at Napoli.
NEUT32|You will be intended merger target of the specs or something that is also going to be big as well.
NEUT33|So now as they take a look at Jagex and seeing what is exactly happening next week and continue to see maybe like a downtrend going back into the dollar 90 more but as long as we.
NEUT34|Bounce off of that support.
BULL35|We could potentially see the resistance of 261 and actually beat that resistance going higher, but we have see what is going to happen and also new volume that does come up with a SPAC deal we could possibly see this Jagex stock double from what it is now if not five times within the next few years.
NEUT36|Therefore, my prediction for this stock is going to be around $6 or a quarter four of 2021, but my long term prediction could easily see around the 10 to $15 mark within 2022.
NEUT37|So if you guys like this topic on here, just make sure you leave me like, subscribe down below helps out my channel a lot.
NEUT38|I'll set the notification bill also become.
NEUT39|"Part of the family with the Patrion down below."""
