NEUT0|"""Hey guys, vote on here back with another video on Crypto today we're going to be taking a little bit of a look at manner or is essential and along with an analysis of what is potential to become incredibly profitable."
NEUT1|So without further ado, let's get right into it.
NEUT2|So First things first, looking into managed chart.
BULL3|Here we can see that it's prices substantially increased.
BULL4|It also seems to have found stability.
NEUT5|Rat is all time high.
BULL6|Well this is good.
BULL7|I feel as though the price has substantial room to move.
NEUT8|In addition to this in the bull market that we're currently in, I would not be surprised if we can see a 30 cent or even $1.00 price point eventually for this coin, but I'm not here to show you just statistics, but also its purpose, which is very interesting to say the least.
NEUT9|To sum up, this coin man is the central Lance cryptocurrency token.
NEUT10|It's an ear see token that you can use to purchase plots of land as well as pay for in world goods and services.
NEUT11|With this in mind, we can see that its purpose is more than just to be there.
NEUT12|Actually has a function that not only provides a utility, but it's for an entire game appan playing this game, it actually seems fairly well built, showing surprisingly quick response times given effect that you can play with in your browser.
BULL13|The world itself seems massive and I can see this game gaining popularity in the coming years, especially with cryptocurrency gaining so much attention in the coming months.
NEUT14|The user can create plenty of things in this space and it would seem that this token can gain immense value later on.
NEUT15|Now with this coins purpose out of the way, I would also like to mention a few articles.
NEUT16|Stating Savery interesting news, one of which says that a company known as Grayscale Trust a popular hedge fund which holds the highest share.
NEUT17|Bitcoin and many other altcoin trusts might be considering adding up assets, and this includes the Central Enter manner.
BULL18|With these key points in mind, if a company is largest, grayscale buys a large portion of the central and it would in turn causes the price to increase substantially well.
BULL19|If all of these key points in mind guys, I really do think that Decentral land does have high capability with its low price at only $0.17 right now 17 to 19, I would say that this by is very good right now.
NEUT20|Now this just now came on my radar, but at the same time I would also say that finding stability higher and higher you can see her over just the past week if we go over the past week.
NEUT21|Here, it's just.
BULL22|It's just completely launched and it's actually found stability and it seems to me that now that it's being backed up on by Coinbase that this price could skyrocket.
NEUT23|Guys, I'm being serious here, so if you guys are looking to invest in a coin you know a couple 100 bucks, even even 20 or $30 could actually end up being very profitable.
NEUT24|I would highly suggest looking into this more.
NEUT25|Let me know what you guys think down in the comments below.
NEUT26|"Unveil coin and I'll see you guys the next video please."""
