BEAR0|"""Worry not because I think it's the beginning of the end for equity markets, but because it is a symptom of how unstable the world has become, we're at that situation in the financial rate tightening cycle where mistakes can be very costly and also very importantly it."
NEUT1|Begins to tell us what is in store.
NEUT2|Would will be installed once we have some particular area of the market, which I believe is the corporate bond market.
NEUT3|Beginning to capital eight.
NEUT4|As in when interest rate coverage becomes prohibitively expensive.
NEUT5|But that's not a problem for today, but also what kind of mistakes?
NEUT6|I mean, what I can't really quite figure out is why we saw the sell off, right?
NEUT7|So we've been talking here on the desk, but risk.
BULL8|We've been talking about, you know, China, we've been talking about tightening monetary policy trade earnings.
NEUT9|Maybe do a little bit down because of.
NEUT10|You know the impact on these trade tensions, but why yesterday?
NEUT11|Nobody really knows.
NEUT12|Ultimately there is a tipping point.
BEAR13|You know that we are in this Bermuda Triangle of potentially higher inflation and therefore the Fed between a hard place and a rogue combined with trade tensions combined with global dollar liquidity becoming tighter as the dollar has strengthened significant the last few months, you know that is bound to have an impact and you also know that investors.
NEUT14|Probably rightly so, are beginning to say you know what the numbers on a year to date basis don't look too bad.
NEUT15|Let us take some profits an go through these midterm election shenanigans with little resolution on the table.
NEUT16|That I believe is the catalyst why yesterday, difficult to say, investors nevertheless need to say you know what?
NEUT17|Maybe this is not the beginning of the end, but maybe I should begin to look at areas like consumer staples, maybe defensive areas of the stock market, which will allow investors to still be invested.
BULL18|Without participating in this very last, so he did not mention in crypto, and that's one reason why I'm creating this clip is it's very important to watch this sell off and see what happens to crypto prices as of right now, crypto prices are flat, but if there is a continuous decline in the global equity market and the US stock market, it's really interesting to see if commodities an crypto's begin to rebound and begin to go up in value.
NEUT19|So definitely pay attention to this.
NEUT20|And the reason why Crypto was created was because of the 2008 crash in 2009.
NEUT21|People wanted to find a better monetary policy than relying on central banks.
NEUT22|So let's see if Crypto will pick up some steam due to the central banks just continue to print out money and now a day of reckoning is happening again.
BEAR23|The 2008 crash could happen all over again due to another debt bubble.
NEUT24|"Let me know what you guys think and I will talk to you soon."""
