NEUT0|"""Bond investor Bill Gross was right in his new normal prediction about five years ago."
NEUT1|Now he's out with a new idea that he calls the new neutral on Jack Carter editorofbarrons.com your mic and your rights are income investing blog and Mike.
NEUT2|You spoke to Bill Gross on Friday.
NEUT3|What's his vision for the future?
NEUT4|This neutral idea is basically a reference to how he sees the policy rates of central banks around the world converging at this very low level he sees.
BEAR5|Sort of a sluggish economic growth outlook for the next five years.
BEAR6|They don't think the Federal Reserve or other central banks are going to be able to raise their policy raised this sort of what's known as the neutral policy rate as high or as quickly as people think that they're going to, and therefore you're going to be sort of stuck in a rut in terms of low rates, it's going to impact bond yields and keeping them low.
NEUT7|And it's also going to impact other areas as well.
NEUT8|Now, bond investors especially gross or typically kind of a gloomy bunch, but he did nail it last time.
BEAR9|He pointed out that the huge leverage.
NEUT10|That you know.
BEAR11|Investors, homeowners, countries, nations had taken, you know, leading up to the crash would cause the hangover to last much longer than anyone predicted.
NEUT12|The problem with that thesis, though, was his investing thesis was actually incorrect.
BULL13|He said, you know, stock signia lousy returns, and of course we have a wonderful bull market.
NEUT14|What is he recommending that we invest in now?
NEUT15|He pays the idea.
BEAR16|Pretty gloomy picture across investments.
NEUT17|Actually for bonds, he says, you're going to be looking at.
BULL18|About a 3% annual return on average over the next half decade, stocks he doesn't think they're going to do much better.
BEAR19|He sees about a, you know, 5% perhaps return for equities and the general thesis is that in part a lot of the returns have been squeezed out of things like high yield bonds.
NEUT20|Things like equities over the last several years as all the low rates of the Federal Reserve have enabled investors to borrow at low rates and invest in higher yielding things, and they've squeezed a lot of that return out.
NEUT21|His outlook is a very cautious one.
NEUT22|And it doesn't really see any bull markets in any particular asset class, and in fact, he advocates for a little bit of leverage in order to juice returns a little bit borrowing.
NEUT23|So how would I do that as an investor would be, he makes the case for there being several different types of leverage to look at.
NEUT24|There's leverage in the form of say, closed end funds.
NEUT25|There's leverage.
NEUT26|He points out that equities are in fact a leveraged bet because corporate balance sheets are, in effect leverage.
NEUT27|So if I want to buy a closed end fund to fit the growth thesis, what would I buy?
NEUT28|He points he talks about in particular a couple of funds closed and funded in an exchange traded fund.
NEUT29|One is a BlackRock build America Bond Fund, which is based on the Build America Bond Muni program, which was rolled out a few years ago, and it receives a federal subsidy on the interest in another one that he recommends is a PIMCO surprise fund that's a short duration high yield bond fund, and that allows you to boost your yield a little bit while keeping your risk shorter because most of the bonds are only about three years, so let's say he's wrong this time in terms of the what to buy.
BEAR30|How big is the downside on these funds?
NEUT31|The downside is not as great as you would be really afraid to invest in right now.
NEUT32|The thing that he could be wrong about is the upside potential.
NEUT33|If he misses out on say, another equities rally or something like that because he really thinks that there's not going to be a bull market in pretty much anything over the next five years.
NEUT34|That said, it's tough to argue that you shouldn't have at least part of your portfolio in bonds as a shock absorber, so maybe that's the right place to park it.
NEUT35|Yeah, I mean, it's a cautious outlook, and the downside again is if you miss out on.
NEUT36|Will rally, but it doesn't seem like there's a huge downside as you might be afraid of.
NEUT37|And that's why we got stocks.
BULL38|"Thanks, Mike."""
