NEUT0|"""What is going on?"
NEUT1|You guys welcome back to Daniel stock bites and today we have another two to three minute segment which we're going to be talking about.
NEUT2|Tesla stock so you can see here.
BEAR3|I have up on the screen test charts and I have two lines drawn here so you can see that when the stock merger happened, Tesla stock just shot all the way up to $500 per share, and since then it's been petering.
NEUT4|Around around like the 4:20 level.
NEUT5|And that seems to be like the center line of this whole wedge that's forming right now.
NEUT6|And that's what I've drawn here.
NEUT7|So you can see that every time it hits the bottom of this wedge here, it bounces back up and every time I hit the top here it goes back down and right now we're nearing into this point where we should see some price action happening on Tesla stock selling for the next couple of weeks or the next week.
NEUT8|Actually, we should probably see Tesla break up or breakdown in my personal prediction for Tesla is that will probably break up to the upside.
NEUT9|And probably trade between the 500 and $600 level for the next couple of months all the way up to December.
NEUT10|And I think when the time comes for Tesla to release their delivery numbers for all of 2020, I think they could probably hit the 500,000 mark which Elon Musk was saying to his employees in a memo.
BULL11|So he said to his employees that they're going to have to work really hard to hit this number, but it's very possible that they are able to hit this number by the end of this year, and we see that they would need to increase their delivery to near.
NEUT12|Nearly 182 thousand cars in the fourth quarter to reach the half million target and right now we have two factories that Tesla is producing out of there, producing under the California factory, as well as the Shanghai Gigafactory.
BULL13|So now they have two factories online and also the Shanghai Gigafactory is currently ramping up so I expect them to be able to increase efficiencies in the next three months or so and pump oh a lot more vehicles.
BEAR14|One last thing to know in the stock trade here is that you can see the volume has been decreasing.
NEUT15|Natalie with showing there's some sort of consolidation happening and therefore this usually indicates that there's going to be some breakout after this wedge either wedges up or goes back down, but Tesla, being a momentum stock and just so many people, are super bullish on this company in the future.
NEUT16|I think this company won't drop back down, at least not in the near term anyways.
NEUT17|That's my short term prediction for Tesla stock here.
NEUT18|If you guys agree or discreetly of any comments down below if you're new to the channel subscribe, hit that notification Bell in Smash that like Button.
NEUT19|If you enjoy these videos.
NEUT20|"Take care guys and I'll see you in my next one."""
