NEUT0|"""Welcome to the Farmers markets desk."
NEUT1|I'm Steve Schaefer at the Federal Reserve on Tuesday announced their preliminary net income for 2011, which included $76.9 billion that will be returned to the Treasury Department.
NEUT2|Of course, the bulk of that, or at least a significant chunk of it, came from interest income, part of which was derived from investments in, you guessed it, U.S. Treasury bonds, aside from the Federal Reserve, other banks in the US will be reporting earnings starting on Friday.
NEUT3|JP Morgan Chase is the first up to bat followed by Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and plenty of others in the week.
NEUT4|To come.
NEUT5|One of the things that analysts will be looking at is the traditional banking business, which includes loans made, the businesses, consumers, homeowners and the like.
BEAR6|That aspect of the business will continue to show slow growth as long as the US economy continues to show slow growth.
BULL7|The economy is certainly picking up, but not to the extent where we expect much rapid growth in the traditional banking business where we may see some headwinds is in the trading and the investment banking side of the business.
BEAR8|Capital markets were challenging game in the fourth quarter, largely due to disruptions out of Europe which affected the markets.
NEUT9|Overall, that's an area where investors should be wary of and we may see some fireworks somewhere else.
NEUT10|We may see some fireworks.
NEUT11|Is in the stress test that these banks delivered to the Federal Reserve earlier this week.
NEUT12|The Federal Reserve is now evaluating these banks plans to deliver capital to shareholders in the context of how that will affect their capital positions under the new regulations that require certain levels.
NEUT13|The JP Morgan and Bank of America, the world absolutely want to return capital to shareholders, but the Fed is likely to air on the side of more capital rather than less.
NEUT14|An may restrict their ability to do so.
NEUT15|For more updates on the markets, go to forbes.com/markets.
NEUT16|"For all of our coverage."""
