BEAR0|"""A leading player in the world of hedge fund activism says he's worried companies are getting too active."
BEAR1|Jeff Album, the founder of Value Act which pro Towers Watson and Willis to merge and Valiant to roll up lots of smaller drug companies says that recent mergers and acquisitions activity signals are top for the stock market.
NEUT2|Is he right?
NEUT3|It's that aborted.
BULL4|Kraft Heinz bid for Unilever that tipped him over the edge.
NEUT5|It showed how executives are hungry to do risky deals and the stock market is egging them on.
NEUT6|The private equity guys made the top in 2007 up and says they were buying up everything and they learned their lesson.
NEUT7|Corporations didn't play the game in 07, but this time they're going to make the top.
NEUT8|That's his thesis, but there are several counterarguments, the main one being that the data are not yet running red Hott.
BEAR9|The number of M&A deals involving U.S. companies in 2016 was the lowest of any year since 2005 by the credit crisis Nadir Year of 2008, activities been concentrated among larger companies, so the total value of deals isn't depressed.
BEAR10|There was a spike in the fourth quarter of last year, but even after that last year's total deal value of $2 trillion was lower than 2015's absence.
NEUT11|Unilever Q1 2017 doesn't seem to be, on course to break any records either.
BEAR12|It's true that news of last week's bid approach caused Kraft Heinz shares to leap by almost as much as Unilever's, suggesting that the market would welcome the deal.
NEUT13|But whatever you think of the cultural mismatch between the two companies, there was a cost cutting rationale that would have been good for shareholders.
BULL14|That's a far cry from 2007 when it was cheap financing unchecked leverage and tax favors that led private equity bidders to drive up stock market valuations before the crash.
NEUT15|Ironically, it's the absence of a huge surge in M&A activity that might be more worrying.
BEAR16|Both private equity and strategic buyers will tell you that they are wary about valuations right now and high valuations do not bode well for future stock market performance.
NEUT17|"Stephen Foley for the Financial Times."""
