BULL0|"""Yes, they're going to go for a big spending bench, trillions of dollars going to make these previous relief packages almost look small in comparison."
NEUT1|They have the genuine belief that government spending stimulates an economy, not realizing get the resources for those spending binges from we the people they don't come out of thin air.
BEAR2|And so you're going to see the spending that's going to put pressure on the Federal Reserve to print more money, which is going to ultimately lead to inflation.
BEAR3|Not good for the economy.
NEUT4|The administration also is going to go big on new regulations.
NEUT5|On the tax side, they're going to try to increase taxes.
BULL6|They may try to get Big State support for it by allowing more deductions for local taxes, but I think you're going to certainly see the top income tax rate go up.
BULL7|Other tax rates go up.
NEUT8|She put it all together.
BEAR9|You may get an initial boom, but then you're going to get a real bad hangover in the morning, more inflation, more unemployment and less new business creation, which is going to be bad for people who want to start businesses, which is where our future lies.
NEUT10|New business creation.
NEUT11|You seem to indicate that you were talking about the salt deduction, which for people that don't live in these high tax states like New York or California.
NEUT12|That's basically where the federal government essentially subsidizes the cost of living in these states.
NEUT13|You think that job?
NEUT14|I mean it was.
NEUT15|It was very popular with a lot of red states when the president took that away.
NEUT16|Because you've got, you know, people in the middle of the country paying for the lifestyle of people live in California, New York.
NEUT17|Do you think Joe Biden will actually put that back in place that deduction?
NEUT18|I think they're going to do it or do partial of it because much about Joe Biden support came from blue States, especially California.
NEUT19|In New York, people like new Majority Leader, Senator Schumer are going to be pushing for it.
BEAR20|So amazingly, Joe Biden is going to give a tax cut to the rich along with other tax increases, which will end up hurting the economy.
NEUT21|"Only in America could you get something like this."""
