NEUT0|"""Staking price prediction January 5th."
BULL1|In today's silica coin staking price prediction, zelica coin will break out alright.
BULL2|Let's get started since breaking out at the end of November, the silica gel price preceded to increase by nearly 150% while Silica has been rejected from the highs, it is expected to reverse its trend and resume its upward movement.
NEUT3|Zelica long term levels.
BULL4|The weekly chart shows that said I'll has broken out above the 0.027 dollars long term resistance area near the end of December.
BULL5|Since then, Zell has increased considerably to reach a high of 0.066 dollars.
BEAR6|The next closest resistance area is found at 0.091 dollars, 0.382 Fib retracement level.
NEUT7|Conversely, the support area is found at 0.027 dollars.
NEUT8|This is both the breakout level and a 0.618 fib retracement level.
BULL9|Black of the upward movement so far technical indicators are bullish, supporting the continuation of the upward move, especially considering the stochastic oscillator has just made a bullish cross.
NEUT10|The logarithmic chart is used in the chart below in order to better visualize large price fluctuations.
BEAR11|Current movement, lower timeframes for said, I'll show a significant bearish divergance in both the RSI and MACD during the aforementioned 0.0667 dollars high.
BEAR12|However, a significant drop has already occurred as a result of the divergance.
NEUT13|The two hour chart shows that CDL is trading at supporting is 0.051 dollars.
BEAR14|The next lowest support is found at 0.046 dollars.
BULL15|While the MACD D has turned negative, the RSI has generated a hidden bullish divergance.
BULL16|This suggests that said IL is expected to reverse its trend soon and continue moving higher.
NEUT17|While it is possible that the count presented is correct, it seems more likely that the ongoing increases wave 3 instead of being subwave one of Wave 3.
NEUT18|The main reason for this is the similar lengths of time between waves one and three, and also the fact that they have a 1 to 1.61 ratio.
NEUT19|This ratio is very common in bullish.
BULL20|Impulse is therefore, while said IL is still expected to move upwards after completing Wave 4.
NEUT21|The high for the top of the move is likely to be closer to 0.115 dollars rather than $1.00 as presented in the tweet.
NEUT22|That's what's been happening this week in the world of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT23|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT24|If you enjoyed this edition of silica coin staking price prediction, leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL25|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT26|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT27|"Check out last week's silica coin staking price prediction by checking out our silica coin staking playlist."""
