BULL0|"""The worst case scenario of Bitcoin is still a better form of gold."
NEUT1|So this narrative now has finally been accepted by the mainstream financial world as an inflation hedge as a storage of wealth.
BULL2|Bitcoin Super simply superior.
NEUT3|But now that we are already way beyond that, that to me is just crypto Finance 1.0.
NEUT4|Now you have crypto Finance 2.0 with Assyrian and a whole booming define ecosystem there are, you know, already tenzan of billions of dollars locked.
NEUT5|In the whole device ecosystem managed by smart contracts instead of centralized institutions.
NEUT6|So now you have things coming out left and right, new business models, new inventions in this crypto finance world.
NEUT7|So I think the fundamental is already here, it's just it will take time for people to understand them.
NEUT8|You'll take time for the whole market to digest them, but I will say you know the fundamental of crypto, the fundamental Bitcoin aetherium Anna like is already here with us today.
NEUT9|OK, because a lot of us are asking what those fundamentals are, we don't quite understand the fundamentals as really driving Bitcoin, but when we talk about Bitcoin at these levels, I keep hearing the word bubble.
NEUT10|It keeps popping up in my head.
NEUT11|What do you say to that?
NEUT12|I think I think it's a.
NEUT13|It's it's always like this when people you know come into a new paradigm shift, right?
NEUT14|There are of course people start with doubts with scepticism.
NEUT15|It's very natural 'cause they will have to take time to understand what snew there is a sustainable and in the early stage that kind of understanding that kind of scepticism always comes with a lot of price volatility.
NEUT16|However, I don't think you can call back on a bubble anymore, because like I mentioned earlier, you have all these institutions.
NEUT17|All these billionaires, multi multi, billion dollar listed companies and all these you know all these newcomers into crypto.
NEUT18|They're buying bitcoins.
NEUT19|They're buying crypto, and there are only 21 million bitcoins out there.
NEUT20|So even with simple supply and demand we have you have rising demand more and more people coming into the space and you have a fixed.
BEAR21|Or even in some way shrinking supply.
BULL22|So of course you're going to see price trend up over long term, so I think we've passed this stage to really call back on a bubble anymore.
NEUT23|There will be price volatility.
NEUT24|"There will be short term price corrections and sometimes these price corrections can be violent, but I think we've passed the stage of calling Bitcoin a bubble anymore."""
