BULL0|"""Flow is currently sitting at 35 point, $4 just about two weeks ago and broke through the resistance at the $24.00 level and gained 86% in price over a few days since then, it's retraced, along with the rest of the market and this consolidating at the current level."
BULL1|After this, I believe that it would be heading higher.
NEUT2|We're going to be setting a price target a bit later on guys, but first will you be able to buy and eat a $10,000 Golden steak if you invest in flow in 2021?
NEUT3|In this video, we're going to be setting a price target and we'll be discussing the fundamentals.
BULL4|Angle has landed in market cap of $1 billion at 24 hour trading volume of 178 million, circulating supply of 30.4 million and the maximum supply of 1.3 billion.
NEUT5|Flow is a blockchain built for the next generation of apps, games and digital assets and the flow team is collaborating with some big names including MBA, UFC, Samsung, Warner Music Group and Flow was designed by the people behind Crypto Kitties, which is a game that gained a lot of popularity.
NEUT6|In 2017 and what's quite interesting is that flow increases efficiency in transaction processing by separating the job of validators into four different roles, collector nodes, which increase efficiency execution nodes which enable speed at scale verifier nodes which guarantee correctness and consensus nodes which ensure decentralization.
BULL7|OK guys, I hope you're enjoying the video so far.
NEUT8|If you are drop a like and comment down below.
NEUT9|If you have flow in your wallet or if you're about to buy some and the floating don't believe in sharding technology.
NEUT10|Since they believe that they reduced the network effect for decentralized apps and over here we see the whole flow community and they have quite a few financial backers as well.
NEUT11|OK guys, we're going to get to our price target in a moment, so make sure to continue watching and the floating claim that there are four features that make them unique compared to other blockchains, multirole architecture, resource oriented programming, developer ergonomics and consumer on boarding and what's really cool is that flow has upgradeable smart contracts, so that if a developer wants to fix or improve a smart contract, they are able to do so easily.
NEUT12|Getting back to the chart, I believe flow is a very interesting non fungible token project.
BULL13|And the fact that it's already collaborating with a lot of big names is a good indicator that it has a lot of potential, since the items being sold by those big companies will bring users onto the flow platform.
BULL14|Apart from this, they've got quite a few financial backers as well, which will help them get great people on their team and improve their project.
BULL15|Overall, I believe flow has great potential and given its current market cap of $1 billion, I would say that the projected market cap of $6 billion is achievable during the peak of this altcoin cycle.
NEUT16|"And that would give us a 6X and price and the price target of $225."""
