NEUT0|"""As of right now, Tesla share price is currently $1713.97."
BEAR1|This is absolutely insane considering Tesla share prices had a very very steady boost, meaning that the share price has literally just increased by so much over the last six months, especially considering with what's going on in the world with the entire coronavirus situation.
BEAR2|Tesla stock price, it doesn't really make sense considering it really doesn't reflect the current state of the current economy for the mass unemployment and the current state of small businesses closing worldwide.
BEAR3|It definitely would seem that a lot of the stocks would seem to take a beating.
BEAR4|However, one thing that's weird with Tesla is that it doesn't show any signs of slowing down today as the stock market opened it actually shut up around 10%, which is absolutely insane and that makes it the 10th largest stock in the United States with a market cap of 319 billion.
NEUT5|Now, Tesla's valuation is something up for the big and a lot of people don't feel that Tesla's share price is very valuable.
NEUT6|A lot of people feel this **** is overvalued, and I would say that's a very valid argument.
BEAR7|Considering Tesla hasn't really done any major breakthroughs in the recent months compared to the absolute outstanding growth that it's had, many would consider Tesla's share price to be overvalued.
NEUT8|However, on the other hand, you would have other people arguing that Tesla share price is not trading on the current value, but rather the future value and not only that, it's actually interesting to see that a lot of the other technology stocks have actually been going on a very nice bull run too, but also think is driving the price of Tesla's valuation even higher?
BULL9|Is that a lot of rookie investors are seeing huge gains.
NEUT10|And just carry on buying Tesla despite not knowing what they're doing now.
BULL11|This is further fueled by Robin Hoods increase of users in the app.
NEUT12|Now now this brings us to the current question.
NEUT13|Where is the Tesla share price headed next now?
NEUT14|Previously, if you guys follow Tesla and you follow Elon Musk, you'll know that even at one point you know must tweet it out saying that the share price was way too high.
BEAR15|This prompted the stock price to drop around 15%.
BULL16|However, what's interesting is that even though he stated this, the share price has more than doubled since then, and it seems that it's going to go towards $2000.
BULL17|Now, if this does happen, this definitely will be a very, very interesting feat, because I genuinely don't think that Tesla share price can go any higher than that.
BEAR18|Because right now, despite what you think about Tesla and Elon Musk, despite the company delivering and producing great products, it just seems to be that Tesla share price is simply overvalued.
NEUT19|I mean, even though Tesla is definitely the world's most valuable automaker right now, and the future of electric vehicles is definitely the future, it would definitely seem that this is very premature, because if this bull run does continue, we could see.
NEUT20|I know this sounds crazy.
NEUT21|We could see Tesla as the most valuable company in the world, and if that definitely does happen, it definitely means there's some shady stuff going on.
NEUT22|Or maybe everyone is just heavily invested in Tesla and I guess as more people invest in it, the price is just simply going to raise.
NEUT23|However, what's interesting is to see the other side is to see the short sellers continually continually take a beating.
NEUT24|It's definitely quite funny to watch people play shorts on Tesla and just to see them fail time and time again.
NEUT25|So I would say for you investors.
NEUT26|"If you are watching this closely as I am, I would say definitely pay attention to what the Tesla share price is and pay attention to the electric vehicles market because this is more certainly the most interesting thing going on in the stock market right now."""
