NEUT0|"""Hey today I want to talk to you about why it's impossible to really depend on the stock market when it comes to safety and security in your retirement, and the reason is the stock market goes up and the stock market goes down now over the long haul the stock market can be a fantastic place to accumulate wealth over time because if you look at where the stock market is gone and you go back 30 years, you go back 100 years."
NEUT1|You're going to find that stock market continually increases overtime, but when you get closer into retirement and when you start needing to take money out.
NEUT2|Of your accounts during retirement, when there's volatility in the stock markets going up and going down.
NEUT3|If you start spending money at the same time that the stock market is losing money, you're doing something called a double depletion, and you're actually depleting your accounts maybe twice as fast than if you were spending, and certainly faster than if the market was going up and you were only spending profits.
NEUT4|Here's the challenge.
NEUT5|If you don't know when the stock market is going to go up and you don't know when it's going to go down, you certainly can't depend on it.
NEUT6|To provide safe and secure and guaranteed income that you're going to need in retirement.
NEUT7|So what you have to do is you have to begin to strategize and begin to transition away from a stock market based strategy for income into what we call an income strategy.
NEUT8|And this is where some of your money goes into producing income that you guaranteed to never outlive for you and your spouse.
NEUT9|It has to be able to go up with inflation, and if the stock market crashes, you don't have to worry about it because it's still sending you the paychecks.
BULL10|That are going to provide the Peace of Mind in the security that you need in retirement.
NEUT11|It's a great great way to divide up your portfolio, some that's designed for guaranteed income and some that's designed in the stock market to give you the upside, but also the downside, the market goes down.
NEUT12|Your paychecks don't aren't impacted in a negative way.
NEUT13|You can relax and you can wait for the market to go up without fearing that you're going to run out of money someday.
NEUT14|Find somebody that's a retirement strategist that can help you identify how much you need in each one of these baskets.
BULL15|"To make sure that your retirement is safe, secure, and everything you've always wanted it to be."""
