NEUT0|"""Cynthia Lummis is the Senate's only known Bitcoin Holder, and this week the Wyoming Republican tweet it to Tesla CEO Elon Musk."
BULL1|Writing I hear Wyoming is one of the most business friendly states in the nation and has the best loss for digital assets in the US ever.
NEUT2|Think about relocating?
NEUT3|For more on that?
NEUT4|Perhaps invitation?
NEUT5|Wanna bring on Yahoo finance?
NEUT6|Is Jessica Smith with more on that, Jess.
NEUT7|Yes, I just talked to the senator in the last hour and I asked her if she had talked to Musk yet she said no, she hasn't heard back.
BEAR8|She seemed a little disappointed about it.
NEUT9|She said she isn't dying to have a dialogue with him.
NEUT10|She seems like a big fan.
NEUT11|Of course she is a big fan of Bitcoin.
NEUT12|She told me that she thinks that it could be a store of value for everyday Americans and this is the pitch that she would make to Elon Musk if she had the chance to talk to him about why she thinks he should move to Wyoming.
NEUT13|We have no state income tax, no corporate tax.
NEUT14|There's no value added tax.
NEUT15|There's so many advantages, great trust laws, a fabulous law with regard to special deposit, Ori financial institutions specifically to deal with Bitcoin, and now that he's a big Bitcoin guy, we want to make sure that we have a place for people who understand the benefits of Bitcoin to locate their businesses.
BULL16|She also tweeted Andrew Yang Yang had tweeted that he would try to make New York City a Bitcoin hub, and she responded saying good luck trying to keep up with Wyoming.
BULL17|I asked her about that too and she said that she thinks the regulatory climate in Wyoming is better and she said that Wyoming has the ability to innovate and think outside the box when it comes to non traditional finance, Zach.
NEUT18|Yeah Jessica, the regulatory piece of this.
NEUT19|Something that a lot of Bitcoin enthusiasts are watching closely, especially because the SEC Commissioner, also Gary Gensler.
NEUT20|Somebody who's very familiar with blockchain technology in terms of what is about to happen here in this Senate one is the next step for Senator Loomis.
NEUT21|Well, she says she's starting a financial innovation caucus.
NEUT22|She says the goal there is to get people talking about this and to educate Congress about cryptocurrency.
NEUT23|She says that they know very little at this point about cryptocurrency.
NEUT24|She says she does not think there's an appreciation for how important it could be in the long run.
NEUT25|She's also on the Senate Banking Committee, and she says crypto currencies are going to be a big focus of hers when it comes to her work on that committee.
BEAR26|"She told me she just doesn't want to see the US mess this up."""
