NEUT0|"""Welcome back, we're joined now by Akiko Fujita who has been covering the many ways that Washington has been looking to regulate the US tech industry."
NEUT1|Everything from amending section 2:30 to even breaking up big tech companies and Akiko, we need to start with the news out of Facebook.
BEAR2|The FTC and a group of state attorneys general suing Facebook over alleged antitrust violations.
NEUT3|What are the implications of this?
NEUT4|Yeah, it seems timely that they were having this discussion today, especially given what transpired today.
NEUT5|Essentially what we're hearing from the FTC and a coalition of 48 state attorneys general is that Facebook engage in anticompetitive behavior to use its market dominance to crush the competition.
NEUT6|New York Attorney General Letitia James, who led the investigation on behalf of the 48 states saying in hers with her words that Facebook has used his dominance in monopoly power to crush smaller rivals and stuff out competition.
NEUT7|All at the expense of everyday users and specifically the FTC.
NEUT8|Going as far as to say in its statement that it would seek an injunction that could, among other things, require divestitures of assets including Instagram and WhatsApp.
NEUT9|So the FTC going for a potential break up here in that statement, Facebook, of course not.
BEAR10|The only company that has come under a lot of scrutiny this year, especially as it relates to antitrust.
NEUT11|You'll recall back in October, the Department of Justice, along with the state attorneys general of 11 different states, filed a similar lawsuit.
BEAR12|Against Google saying it also used its market dominance to violate US antitrust law.
BEAR13|In that particular case, the Department of Justice said that Google Unlawfully maintained a monopoly in general search services and search advertising.
BEAR14|Violation of the US antitrust law.
NEUT15|It has really been a culmination of well over a year of investigation on the behalf of Congress, as well as the state attorneys general.
NEUT16|And we're starting to see the fruits of those investigations in China.
BULL17|It's been a pretty incredible year when you consider.
NEUT18|Just how many tech hearings there?
NEUT19|There were a lot of people remember what played out over the summer when we saw the CEOs of Facebook, Amazon as well as Google and Apple all testified remotely something that some analysts sort of compared to the big tobacco hearings.
NEUT20|Hey Kiko, what happened in the trade war?
NEUT21|That was the big headline before the pandemic.
NEUT22|It was the big headline in this year we saw a bit of a pivot here as it relates to US.
NEUT23|China relations.
NEUT24|Moving away from the trade war into a tech war in Adam.
NEUT25|I know we've talked about this a lot throughout the year, especially as it relates to Tick Tock and walking through very speedy timeline here because a lot of people may have forgotten what played out back in March.
NEUT26|We had lawmakers push for a ban on government devices using Tick Tock and then over the summer we had President Trump signed those executive orders.
NEUT27|Calling for a ban of Tik T.O.K as well as Tencent's we chat also a separate order coming from the Committee on Foreign Investment calling for byte Dance, the parent company to divest that acquisition of musically that resulted in Tick Tock to this day, Tik T.O.K is not banned and we just saw on Monday a judge over in Washington DC.
NEUT28|The very latest to say the Commerce Department cannot move forward with this band.
NEUT29|So that remains in a holding pattern.
NEUT30|Also the potential spin-off.
NEUT31|Of the US operations where Oracle and Walmart were involved that hasn't finalized yet, there's going to be a big question mark going into 2021 to see how aggressively a new President Joe Biden will move forward on this issue of Tech from China.
NEUT32|And the concerns about national security.
NEUT33|Don't expect that one to go away, although the rhetoric may shift a little.
NEUT34|"I take your Fujita, thank you."""
