BEAR0|"""Wall Street Journal mission creep at the Fed."
BEAR1|The central bank has been asked to tackle climate change, trade wars, economic and racial inequality thinks it may not have the tools to address.
NEUT2|Joining me now is the author of this piece and the longtime Fed watcher Greg.
NEUT3|If Chief economics commentator at the Wall Street Journal, Greg, it's great to have you here and do you think there's already a little bit of mission creep at play?
NEUT4|In the Fed's announcement today?
NEUT5|A little bit, but not really.
NEUT6|Today's announcement was more about how do we better achieve the goals we already have for ourselves, which is full employment and inflation.
NEUT7|Those have been in the Federal Reserve Act since the 1970s, but what I think you see going on at the same time is that there's a lot of pressure to expand beyond those two fairly sort of like simple statements of purpose to other things, you know, since the global financial crisis they've been expected to look for financial stability problems.
BEAR8|You have heard in the last couple years, pressure on them to take climate change into their.
NEUT9|Analysis, and since just in the last few months there was a lot of pressure from Democrats to now explicitly target the gap between black and white unemployment rates, so you're seeing a lot of people asking the Fed to do a lot more than just their traditional things to try and target things that they just don't have good tools for addressing.
NEUT10|You know, sort of.
NEUT11|As the saying goes, you cannot serve 2 Masters in some ways.
NEUT12|Financial stability, for example.
BEAR13|They might say, well, stock prices are too high.
NEUT14|But if we tighten then we won't achieve our other goals.
NEUT15|I mean, I wonder if the takeaway here is simply that the Fed is going to be more dovish.
NEUT16|For the for years ahead, than anything that we've seen in the last cycle, I think that's probably true.
NEUT17|Kelly, and in fact it somewhat makes redundant.
NEUT18|I think some of the Clinton some of the demands that it change its mandate.
BEAR19|So, for example, we know that in recessions the black unemployment rate rises much more than the white unemployment rate, and when the economy is really doing well, like it was in February, that gap becomes very narrow.
NEUT20|So in some sense, what Powell actually said today and in the new statement of purpose is simply by achieved by pursuing their existing goal of full employment.
NEUT21|There actually indirectly also serving that other goal of eliminating that gap.
NEUT22|They don't talk about what would happen if they started getting inflation problem, and that gap still exists.
BEAR23|That's where the conflict arises today.
NEUT24|For now, though, I think the Fed has very shrewdly sort of like threaded that needle in that sense that they make it clear that, at least for the you know for many years to come, there won't be any sort of problem there, because inflation just is not a risk.
NEUT25|In fact, if anything, they should be pushing to push it, you get it higher, right?
NEUT26|So let me finally ask you about the inflation issue, and we talked to Robert Kaplan at the beginning of the hour, and he hinted that maybe the lower dollar.
BEAR27|Deglobalization even more regulation could all lead to higher inflation in the future than anything we've seen.
NEUT28|But the markets don't really buy that, they just don't really believe that anything like sustained 2% in above inflation is coming.
NEUT29|Do you believe the Fed could really achieve that here?
BEAR30|It's going to be a little while I hear what President Kaplan is saying, but I think all those things will just produce temporary bump UPS in the inflation rate.
NEUT31|I think that overtime we know that the most powerful determinants of inflation are both the degree of slack in the economy.
NEUT32|There's a lot of it with an unemployment rate at around 10% and expectations, and if you look at the bond market, if you look at surveys, people are not expecting high inflation, respecting low inflation.
NEUT33|But it could be right, and I think that's why the need to maintain flexibility to respond.
NEUT34|If it must.
NEUT35|"And the way I read this new statement of principles from the Fed is they do retain that flexibility."""
