BEAR0|"""Public markets were taking a beating when Forbes finalized the World Billionaires list on March 18th, 2020."
BEAR1|The S&P 500 had cratered 29% from its February 19th high as investors fled from equities while the world ground to a covid imposed halt.
NEUT2|Companies like Air B&B and Warner Music Group, who had planned much anticipated IPO's in 2020.
BULL3|Such shelter from the storm.
BULL4|Instead, things couldn't be more different this year after a strong rebound in the second half of 2020 that has continued into 2021.
BULL5|Public markets are again booming and plenty of entrepreneurs are getting in on the action.
NEUT6|Among the record 493 new billionaires on this year's list, including ten who rode the trendy shockwave to riches.
NEUT7|Forbes found at least 60 who have joined the list thanks to an old-fashioned IPO over the past year.
BULL8|1489 public offerings raised $314 billion globally, up from 1239 IPOs in $234 billion in the previous year.
NEUT9|That includes big names like food delivery company DoorDash which listed its shares on the New York Stock Exchange in December, turning its co-founder and chief executive Tony Xu, and his two Co founders, Andy Fang and Stanley Tang into billionaires and woman centric dating app, Bumble, which went public on the NASDAQ in February.
BULL10|The IPO has made bumbles co-founder and CEO, Whitney Wolfe, heard the world's youngest self made female billionaire at age 31.
NEUT11|Dong is the richest female newcomer to this year's list.
NEUT12|She chairs laundry detergent maker, Blue Moon Group Holdings, which her husband, Blue Equipping founded the company where Luo is.
NEUT13|The CEO was listed in Hong Kong last December.
NEUT14|Blue Moon is the top seller of liquid laundry detergent and liquid soaps in China.
NEUT15|According to the company Chief Executive Loan Dodds, at an early investor, Kim have steered Caspi a Payments E Commerce and mobile banking app popular in Kazakhstan from a small time retail bank to a London public listing half of Kazakhstan's 18 million people use the service.
NEUT16|The former investment banker founded private equity firm Royalty Pharma in 1996.
NEUT17|He has been the company's chief executive ever since investing in the royalty streams of Pharmaceuticals.
NEUT18|Legorreta took Royalty Pharma public on the NASDAQ last June in a $2.2 billion IPO.
NEUT19|He is also the founder and chairman of Alianza Medica Para la Salut, a nonprofit focused on improving the quality of health care in Latin America, mouldings, e-commerce, empire the Hut group went public in London in September, 17 years after he founded it two months after the listing molding, who has a nearly 33% stake in the company, got a more than $1 billion share bonus in THG stock that the board had approved.
NEUT20|The Hut group runs more than 100 ecommerce websites across 169 countries with products ranging from skin care to designer fashion shoe is the co-founder and CEO of Food delivery company DoorDash which went public on the New York Stock Exchange in December.
NEUT21|"It delivers meals from 390,000 restaurants in the United States, Canada and Australia."""
