BEAR0|"""After falling below Wall Street's earnings expectations in July Test, look at a short term boost."
BULL1|Moody's Investors Service recently raised the company's outlook from negative to stable, largely because Tesla met its production goals on the Model 3 but the ratings upgrade is being eclipsed by higher import tariffs in China.
NEUT2|China's retaliatory tariffs on about $75 billion worth of goods take effect on September 1st and on December 15th they apply to a wide range of products like clothing.
NEUT3|Chemicals, agricultural goods and automobiles.
BEAR4|As one of the major car companies, building a significant number of vehicles in the US for export to China, Tesla could be hit hard.
NEUT5|China is a critical part of Tesla's long term strategy, being Tesla's second biggest market in terms of revenue.
BULL6|The company touts itself as the next great growth company, betting that demand in China.
BULL7|Now the world's largest electric car market, will rise significantly and eventually pay off.
BEAR8|But the tariff hikes could hurt demand, and Tesla sales in China, since Tesla may be forced to raise prices, it's really not a great time to be expanding a new business into China.
BEAR9|Tensions are escalating so very fluid situation with President Trump and President Xi.
NEUT10|The trouble is, if you're planning a business, you need months and even years of lead time to do a proper expansion and we don't have any clarity on what the next couple of hours are going to look like.
BULL11|To save costs and improve margins amid rising demand in China, Tesla borrowed a half a billion dollars to build a new car plant in Shanghai.
NEUT12|The tariffs will come just as Tesla completes construction with model three production schedule to start by the end of the year.
BULL13|During Tesla's second quarter earnings call in July, Tesla CEO Elon Musk continued to promote the company as a Paragon of growth.
BULL14|We expect growth to continue.
NEUT15|Future at for several years to come at the 51% level, but must enthusiasm doesn't match up with the market reality.
BEAR16|Tesla sales around the world, including China, are slowing not growing.
BEAR17|And U.S. sales are expected to be down for the year and fall short of the 17 million mark for the first time since 2014.
BEAR18|And demand for Tesla's is likely to slow since U.S. Federal tax credits once as high as $7500 for Tesla buyers expire at the end of this year, and Tesla's debt means the company has less cash for responding to those pressures.
NEUT19|The company has never turned a profit.
BEAR20|Revenue growth is the way to keep the story going for Tesla, and in the third quarter coming up, analysts expect sales to actually decline a little bit from a year earlier.
NEUT21|Tesla needs to show that that slowdown is just a blip, and that the future really is as bright as Elon Musk is claimed.
NEUT22|Another option is for Tesla to be less ambitious in terms of size and sales expectations.
BULL23|Tesla can thrive in the industry without dominating it.
NEUT24|There is a real viable business for Tesla in the long run, selling super expensive cars to select buyers the way they started out.
NEUT25|What got them?
BULL26|Their brand value in the 1st place.
NEUT27|The trouble is that sustainable business, but it might not carry a big market value.
NEUT28|"Stock investors just won't be as interested in that as a mass market story."""
