BEAR0|"""Not been quite surprised by just how significant the decline in rig count has actually been over the course of the last 12 months."
NEUT1|What does that mean in terms then, of how far out any recovery in supply comes to the market on the basis of higher prices?
NEUT2|What's what's interesting is when we published her outlook we we called it the great reset and and we talked about the fact that if it wasn't for COVID-19, we wouldn't have seen such a reset on supply as we have done, particularly in the non OPEC non US peace.
NEUT3|And that's important because a lot of analogies to 1998 were being made on oil where you just see this sort of sluggish demand and the relentless supply coming from somewhere.
BULL4|So thanks to COVID-19 and one of the Silver Linings is that we've seen a lot of that redundant supply or high marginal cost beings that late.
NEUT5|Laid to rest.
BEAR6|What we have now is a serious situation where we have a large deficit emerging on the horizon.
NEUT7|We've talked about this for a supercycle thesis and that will occur within the second half of this year into next year.
BEAR8|We forecast of 4,000,000 barrel deficit by 2023, which if untreated in as far as capital not returning as we're starting to see with shale because people are much more and wary of returns then we could see oil prices overshoot.
BEAR9|Extensively within the next 12 to 18 months and just as we saw oil prices go negative, we could see oil prices overshoot positively as well.
BULL10|Christian, one of the big stocks on Wall Street yesterday was Exxon Mobile and that was thanks to one of your colleagues in the states upgrading the stock for the first time in 70 years.
NEUT11|That was interesting to see the reasons around valuation.
NEUT12|The past was one of the stumbling blocks.
BEAR13|Also, capital discipline had been holding back that upgrade.
NEUT14|Is there a read across to other stocks in the sector?
NEUT15|Absolutely.
NEUT16|In fact, one of the things that we've seen through the corporate lens.
NEUT17|We talked about the great reset the macro level by the company level.
NEUT18|We've seen CapEx reset dividends reset, so again, if it wasn't for Cover 19, you wouldn't have cash break even's, which is the oil price needed to cover your CapEx and or dividend.
BEAR19|Now they're down at $35 and that affords the ability for companies to start raising their dividend and or buybacks.
BULL20|Quite a quite a U turn from last year.
NEUT21|Everyone was asking who's going first to cut.
NEUT22|This year will be who's the 1st to raise and raise the buyback.
NEUT23|Within that context, we're looking for the UK names.
NEUT24|Shell and BP is the is the companies to lead the charge.
BULL25|Having cut the dividend, they're much healthier for it and with plenty of free cash flow, particularly these oil prices and with demand recovering, we'd expect them to be first out the door to raise the dividend and sort of the parallel to Exxon is the excellent does have the highest dividend per cash flow, and has won the highest cash break even, which makes it more pro cyclical.
BULL26|But given our bullish view on on oil, you want to be exposed to higher beta.
NEUT27|"And those that could give to victims."""
