NEUT0|"""Move members in doesn't see your Marking Technologies Corporation joined us from Tampa, FL is going to give us his market forecast and more importantly this American be discussing I guess or short term trends."
NEUT1|And before we even get into this and celebrate when you're saying short term, you're really talking about two to four trading days is that is that the case page were looking ahead just up to four days and we're looking at three.
NEUT2|Predicted indicators that we follow on a daily basis and then we both.
NEUT3|We look at the one indicator called the neural index, which indicates whether the market is going to make a top or a bottom within the next two days, and then we forecast a five day moving average for two days into the future and then a ten day moving average for four days into the future and whether these indicators telling you as of last Tuesday evening after the clothes on all four markets, the Newell index had turned negative on on the S&P, the Dow.
NEUT4|NASDAQ 100 the NASDAQ Composite in the.
BEAR5|Five day moving average had gone negative on the NASDAQ 100 and the NASDAQ Composite.
BEAR6|We could direct more negative we were looking for negative action on Wednesday and even into today.
NEUT7|Yes, how much can we make of today's action in the markets given volume is so wide, the trading day is short and how much can we really take from what happens today?
NEUT8|Well today will be an important day.
NEUT9|Our models don't only look at price, they look at price, volume and open interest on the futures contracts.
NEUT10|And they also look at nine other related markets, so we're not just looking at price or never kind of technical.
NEUT11|Stretching it out a little bit.
NEUT12|What are those indicators telling you may happen between now and Christmas?
NEUT13|The end of the year?
NEUT14|Well, as I said, our models are updated each evening and we're looking ahead just four days, so it's it's a bit difficult for us to forecast out that far into the future.
BULL15|Obviously, the quality of the forecast degrade the further out you go, but into next week, what we're looking at is our ten day predicted moving average is still positive on all four of those markets.
BEAR16|Talking about were negative.
NEUT17|Yeah, the the five day is negative and the two days negative.
BULL18|But the 10 day that's being forecast for four days into the future is still positive.
BULL19|So today even though with lower volume, if the market could.
BEAR20|Trade flat or even be modestly negative at the worst.
BULL21|I think that the 10 day indicators will probably still stay positive, maybe just slightly positive, which would indicate that we might be looking for a floor sometime early next week and we might be able to move on up from here that soon.
BULL22|Overall, even though in the short run these these indicators are fairly negative overall it sounds like things are somewhat positive.
BULL23|Yes, they were finding a floor and you know we had a big run up since late September, so obviously it's not unexpected that there would be some backing and filling in some base building before we can start to make a further leg up.
BULL24|"Yes, OK, Louis Mendelsohn, thank you so much for joining us today from Tampa, FL."""
