NEUT0|"""Alright guys, back when the video today it is your boy will today I'll be talking about Tattoo Chef, ticker symbol TT 3F."
NEUT1|Not to give you guys some key support levels and my future outlook on this stock.
BEAR2|It has been trading arrange lately which I don't really like plain.
NEUT3|I like playing these type of moves not in.
NEUT4|You know this right here 'cause this would just kill you and all your premium if you're playing options and you just be holding stock really just for no reason just to be at the same price that you bought it at.
NEUT5|Usually when I buy I like to get out within a week.
NEUT6|So this is the type of movement I'd be looking for it, which is why I give you these key support levels so make sure you guys like the video, subscribe, turn post notifications.
NEUT7|Also check out my Patreon link if you know if you want to know what I'm buying and selling stocks and also if you just want to support the channel, I have a dangling there.
NEUT8|I think it's like $2.00 a month.
BULL9|If you just like my videos, OK, I really appreciate it.
NEUT10|And the first support level that I'm looking for is 2433.
BEAR11|As you can see it is coming down.
NEUT12|That is why I like to see.
NEUT13|So this talk is getting very interesting to me.
NEUT14|I want to see this drop move so 2433 is my first defense, an 2388 is my last defense if it breaks this level that I don't see any support until 2138.
NEUT15|OK, let me zoom in a little bit.
NEUT16|So 2138 is a support I see when it breaks this one and if it does break that I would not be playing 'cause that is bearish, but if it holds these two levels, preferably this level right here, then that will be bullish.
NEUT17|OK so when it gets down to this level I will be getting in on some shares and I might even do call options.
NEUT18|I'm not sure but I will begin in all shares at this level.
BULL19|'cause I really like this level to look for higher high to make a new 52 week high because it came close, but it didn't make it.
NEUT20|So I'm trying to get that run in on the new high, so just make sure you have this level 2433 and this level 2388.
NEUT21|"These are your support levels you want to see price react bullishness on and if it doesn't then your support level is 2138, but that's a big drop so I won't be playing this, but if you come here I'll be planning to run up OK so remember condition buyer so anything educational purposes only so do not try anything you see here in these videos and I will catch you guys in the next one."""
