NEUT0|"""All right, welcome back to the channel."
NEUT1|Everyone today we're going to be covering the Rolls Royce stock ticker symbol RYCY So if you guys are new here, I cover the best stocks of 2021 on this channel so make sure to subscribe so that you don't miss out.
NEUT2|OK, so the last time we talk about this stock was on the 19th and these were some of the support and resistance lines that I included that I would be watching for.
NEUT3|So of course you guys already know the market was closed until the 22nd, which is pretty much like the entire weekend.
NEUT4|So at 4:00 PM on the 19th the stock was worth $1.42, which is pretty much the time that the stock market closed.
BULL5|It went from $1.42 all the way up to $1.55 on the 22nd.
BULL6|So you guys can see the stock had a huge jump since that last video was made.
NEUT7|In some my predictions actually ended up happening as you guys can see right here, the stock price actually slowly started climbing back down to $1.49, which is right about here.
BEAR8|And then of course there was consolidation around this entire area and the stock was just staying around that range, so there's high point that the stock ended up hitting of $1.55.
NEUT9|The stock had actually touched that exact line multiple times in the past.
NEUT10|If we actually zoom out, you guys can see right here.
NEUT11|The stock touched that same point at.
NEUT12|Leaves like five times, so this is not the first time that the stock touched that point.
NEUT13|So it seems like the big buyers are actually targeting that specific.
BEAR14|That specific price since the stock touched this point multiple times in the past and it continues to touch this exact point, this is going to be a good resistance level that I already dropped.
BULL15|$1.55 will be our resistance because the stock has touched this exact point multiple times, so yeah, that's going to be good resistance to be watching out for the stock has bounced off the $1.55 mark at least 20 times, so I'm going to keep that as my resistance.
BEAR16|Now the support level is going to be out $1.47 since we had this huge drop over here, the stock drop down to this specific point, which it had already touched multiple times on the 17th.
NEUT17|So if we actually zoom out, you guys can see on the 17th the stock actually touched that same exact point multiple times.
NEUT18|This exact line is just a straight line, so that's going to be our support.
NEUT19|Although I'm not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice, this is how I would go ahead and play Rolls Royce this week.
NEUT20|So this video is actually being posted on Tuesday, which is after the second trading day.
BULL21|So all of the big spikes that we've seen so far.
NEUT22|We're at opening or the 1st 2 hours, so you want to get in early.
NEUT23|Also another thing that I would be watching very closely as the RSI levels, since they can help you spot on the stock is overbought or oversold.
NEUT24|Generally, when the RSI that around 30 it means that the stock is oversold so it might be a good time to get in when they are size at around 70 means that the stock is overbought.
NEUT25|So it might be a good time to sell.
NEUT26|It's best to check the RSI for just a general sense of how overbought or oversold the stock is, but you have any of my videos to help you guys out.
NEUT27|Please go ahead and leave a comment, let me know if this helps you out at all and also you guys can go ahead and become a member on this channel by pressing that blue Join button and I'm going to get you guys access to the Members, only Discord, which is where I'm going to be showing you guys my best trades and pretty much how I go about trading and some of my trading secrets that I pretty much used to get good trades in BIOS.
NEUT28|"You guys next time."""
