NEUT0|"""And Speaking of the election, let's focus on the presidential election tomorrow because the economy is a key issue for voters, and more specifically for jobs."
NEUT1|And with that in mind, Yahoo Finance took a look at how much money workers at the largest companies in each battleground state are spending to support the nominees.
NEUT2|This year, Alexis Keenan has those details for us.
NEUT3|Alexis, what did you find?
NEUT4|Hi, Shawna, So what we're talking about here are 12 states that are considered battleground states, along with Maine Second District main, of course, is allowed to split.
NEUT5|Its electoral votes so that is an issue as well as in that territory.
NEUT6|Now I looked at how much money the employees at the largest companies in each of these battleground states have spent on one hand to donate directly to the presidential campaigns for the nominees and also 2 packs that contribute directly to fund those campaigns.
NEUT7|There's one exception, and that is money raised by the on line platforms when Red and Act blue.
NEUT8|Those are the partisan donation.
NEUT9|Platforms on line those were taken in whole for their numbers because they don't necessarily always indicate which earmarked funds are where they're going necessarily.
NEUT10|So if you take a look at the map, we have to show you, I can see that Walmart is not only the largest employer in the entire country, but also the largest employer.
NEUT11|In four of these very important battleground states, that's Texas, Florida, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania.
NEUT12|Those four states.
NEUT13|They also are some of the most consequential battlegrounds in terms of.
NEUT14|Their electoral votes as well as places where the race is really just razor thin at this point.
NEUT15|Now the big takeaway though, from looking at all of this data is that these battleground workers they spent to fund.
NEUT16|Former Vice President Biden's campaign much more aggressively than they did to President Trump's campaign.
NEUT17|The total spending, if we take a look at from these employees at these firms, spent 3.15 million contributing to.
NEUT18|President rather Vice President Biden's campaign versus 840 2002 Trump's campaign.
NEUT19|Now the states where the donations were a little more even handed.
NEUT20|A spread between the candidates of those were Texas.
BEAR21|Of course, 38 electoral votes up for grabs their Walmart employees in Texas and 69 point 5000 versus Trump's spent $47,000.
BEAR22|Florida Walmart employees spent 43,000.
BEAR23|"And 36,000 on President Trump and in Nevada that MGM Resorts is the largest employer their employees there spent 150,000 on Biden, 120,000 on President Trump."""
