BULL0|"""Hi Paula, some solar analyst Travis Hoium after a few years of struggling in the solar industry is really starting to prove improve and we're starting to see results for solar manufacturers on the bottom line."
BULL1|SunPower reported earnings that were much better than they expected.
BULL2|An increased full year guidance, which is a really strong sign not only for the second quarter of the year, but the second half as well.
BULL3|We saw Canadian Solar report better than expected earnings as well, and Trina Solar and Yingli Green Energy both increased their guidance.
NEUT4|They haven't really.
NEUT5|Released second quarter numbers yet so we don't know what the results look like on the bottom line, but they're expecting both shipments.
BULL6|An margin gross margin to be better than expected, so there's some really good signs.
NEUT7|Some of the things that are driving that our strength in the US residential market.
NEUT8|That's really been one of the one of the most consistent areas of solar recently.
NEUT9|Utility scale projects can kind of ebb and flow, but the residential market really has been growing quarter over quarter over the last three or four years now.
NEUT10|Another position of strength more that's popped up more recently has been Japan, so some power and Canadian solar both said that about 30% of their panels went to Japan.
BULL11|They're generating high margins there, so that's going to help drive the profitability of the solar industry in the second half of the year.
BULL12|Look for other Chinese manufacturers to have benefited there as well.
NEUT13|The thing that we don't know quite what the demand will look like in China for the second half of the year.
NEUT14|So that's something to keep an eye on as earnings keep coming out from Chinese manufacturers.
NEUT15|China announced 35 Giga Watts worth of they wanted to install 35 megawatts of projects over the next three years about, so that should be.
NEUT16|That should be a huge source of demand for the industry, so look For more information about that coming out over the next month, as those Chinese companies report earnings.
BEAR17|But the interesting part of the earned this earning season is that companies that used to be in a position of strength in the solar industry have really flipped size and are now in a really tough position.
NEUT18|In particular first solar.
NEUT19|So first solar is pretty much 100% dependent on utility scale projects.
NEUT20|Now they make a thin film product that isn't as efficient as Chinese modules.
NEUT21|Far less efficient then like a sun power module.
BEAR22|So they get very little demand outside of their own projects and their backlog has been falling.
BEAR23|Margins have been falling, so they're in a really tough strategic position.
NEUT24|They bought some assets from GE, some technology assets, but she really gave up on its own thin film, solar a couple of years ago, so I don't really see that changing the company's direction going forward.
NEUT25|So really, really some strategic questions for first Solar right now, so some companies are in position of strength in the high efficiency market or even Chinese module manufacturers.
NEUT26|First, solar is just the opposite right now.
BEAR27|I think they're going to be struggling because they aren't participating in some of the markets that are doing really well right now.
NEUT28|Sort of the same thing.
NEUT29|Going on at Sun Edison.
NEUT30|They required a fairly weak quarter there in the wafer wafer supply market, so that's still very oversupplied an their project business isn't generating the kind of returns that they're hoping to in the future, so couple of companies struggling, but I think the way to play this right now is to stick with manufacturers who are really high on the efficiency scale.
BULL31|And because we've seen already that lowering costs is easier to do than raise efficiency, so that's why some power seeing a lot of strength.
NEUT32|Right now Chinese manufacturers are.
BULL33|Or on high end, like Canadian Solar are seeing strength as well and better margins than their competition.
NEUT34|So those are the companies that I would stick with in the industry.
BULL35|But see look for a lot of growth in the second half of this year.
BULL36|Definitely a great opportunity in the solar market.
NEUT37|That's all for now.
BULL38|"Thanks influence."""
