BEAR0|"""The death toll has now crossed the 2000 mark, while the number of new infections has dipped."
BEAR1|Most reportedly, 1700 new cases is the lowest daily rise in new cases since January 29th, but there are now some new questions about how transparent the Chinese government has been about the outbreak, and Eunice Yoon joins us now with more.
NEUT2|So how?
NEUT3|How disturbing are these questions units?
NEUT4|Can't I just be happy that that looks like maybe it's slowing?
NEUT5|Or is that a false sense of security and field?
NEUT6|It seems like it's still too early to say.
NEUT7|At least that's what I'm hearing a lot.
NEUT8|But what's interesting though, is that when it comes to free flow of information, the Chinese government has become much more aggressive on several fronts, so the authorities here are deporting three Wall Street Journal reporters based in Beijing.
BEAR9|For an opinion piece in the paper that they did not write, the foreign Ministry said today that that opinion piece, which refer to China as the sick man of Asia, is racist.
NEUT10|So this comes after the US had designated.
BEAR11|The Chinese have several Chinese state media outlets, including Xinhua news agency, as extensions of Beijing censorship here of the outbreak has also ratchet up in recent days, so much so that companies have been complaining a generally, but also to me specifically, that it's become much more difficult because of the clamp down on the Internet for them to work remotely from home, which is a challenge for them.
NEUT12|A given that they can't go to the office and then separately the World Health Organization.
NEUT13|Is here as you guys well know of, China has been under great scrutiny and under fire for not sharing enough information with the international community of The Who senior team is in Beijing, Sichuan Province as well as Guangdong province this week very far away from the epicenter of Hubei province and I spoke with The Who, which is a couple of hours ago about this and they said that a trip to Wuhan and Hubei is currently not on the agenda, however.
NEUT14|They said that a trip there is not ruled out guys.
NEUT15|Just look at.
NEUT16|I want to talk about some of these reporters that were expelled.
NEUT17|They're all there, aren't they?
NEUT18|There Asian reporters are.
NEUT19|Then it's a racist piece written by three Asian.
NEUT20|It was written by Walter Russell Mead Oh well, for us will meet, but there's no actually just Deputy Chief Josh Chin Chow Dang and Phillip went all expelled right that.
NEUT21|Yeah, yeah they have five days now to leave the country, but they did not write this piece.
NEUT22|They didn't write it, but they're being expelled by.
NEUT23|Do you ever feel like like as punishment?
NEUT24|Do you ever feel like?
NEUT25|Are you very careful with how you phrase things?
NEUT26|You know, I think you are right and you have to be.
NEUT27|I've no, no you're OK. OK, I don't think so, no.
NEUT28|I mean, I feel like we just report what we you know what we feel because over here as you know, sometimes we lose the many times we they don't like.
NEUT29|What's one of our guests?
NEUT30|Is saying here one of us are saying here and you see, yeah, so that does happen.
NEUT31|It's from time.
NEUT32|It is a I just wonder if you have to feel like you're walking us a fine line at times, but no.
NEUT33|So I mean, we're we're censored just like any other foreign news organization.
NEUT34|Once we start to talk about something that sensitive, you know, say for example, the Hong Kong protests.
NEUT35|But but you know, it's something that's quite common here in China, and especially these days when it comes to anything sensitive when it comes.
NEUT36|"When it refers to the government and President Xi Jinping."""
