NEUT0|"""Hi, I'm Sherry Bechtel, editor for finder.com share trading and investing channel, and I'm here to tell you how you can buy Roblox stock once the company goes public around March 10th on the New York Stock Exchange, will talk about why the Roblox IPO is one of the most talked about offerings on the horizon, as well as the risks associated with this stock."
NEUT1|Roblox is a gaming platform that's extremely popular among kids between 9:00 and 12 years old.
NEUT2|The company announced back in January that it plans to go public via direct listing.
NEUT3|This means the company's employees or investors sell existing shares to the public.
NEUT4|Roblox filed a form S1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission back in November of 2020 with the intention of conducting an IPO.
NEUT5|But earlier this year, the company shifted gears and decided to go public through a direct listing.
NEUT6|Roblox raised $520 million in a funding round at $45 per share earlier in 2021, leaving the company at $29.5 billion valuation.
NEUT7|Still, it's difficult to tell at what price Roblox is stock might debut.
NEUT8|So why is this IPO getting so much hype.
BEAR9|Roblox is popularity skyrocketed among kids stuck inside during quarantine.
NEUT10|Kids can access cloud based games on PC's devices and Xbox is.
NEUT11|The gaming platform is monetized by selling virtual currency called Robux.
NEUT12|This currency is used to unlock features an premium subscriptions which give players more robots to spend on things like filing their avatar.
BULL13|The company's revenue exploded during the pandemic, jumping 68% from 349.9 million to 588.7 million in the nine months ended September 30th, 2020.
BULL14|In short, Roblox is business is booming and analysts expect the platform's popularity to translate to real-world box once the stock list later this month.
NEUT15|The most obvious benefit of investing in Roblox AC is that you could make a lot of money.
BULL16|A lot of analysts have called Roblox a buy once it goes public, and the company itself has committed to expanding its offerings and the ways in which it monetizes its games, meaning it has a solid growth strategy.
NEUT17|With that being said, there are risks.
BULL18|Of course, there is no guarantee that Roblox is stock, will perform well, and given the fickle nature of kids buying habits, not to mention the expanding availability of COVID-19 vaccines that could reopen.
NEUT19|Other entertainment venues Roblox's popularity could take ahead if you do decide to buy in monitor the stock's performance and news from your company to ensure you're making the best investment decisions.
NEUT20|Roblox is stock is expected to list on the New York Stock Exchange on or around March 10th, so pay close attention to this date to ensure you don't miss out to get in on the IPO you'll need to use a broker or open up a brokerage account through an app you can head over to finder.com to compare brokers and find the platform that makes the most sense for you.
NEUT21|Once you have an account set up, you can either buy shares once trading commences or purchase limit orders.
NEUT22|This allows you to buy shares before Roblox begins trading, but.
NEUT23|Only at or below a certain price.
NEUT24|There's no doubt Roblox has been everywhere in the news, but it's important not to get caught up in the hype.
NEUT25|Do your research.
NEUT26|Keep an eye on the stock's price once it goes public, and decide whether Roblox is right for your portfolio.
NEUT27|For more information about the IPO, head on over to our robloxpage@finder.com, which will link in the description box.
NEUT28|"If you like this video, don't forget to hit the subscribe button so you'll be the first to know when a new Finder video drops."""
