BULL0|"""Hey guys and welcome to the channel."
NEUT1|In this video we're going to be talking about ice or a ticker symbol ISR.
BULL2|These companies had some good news recently and there's a lot of hype around the stock, so stick around.
NEUT3|So what is the company and why do I think it could be a huge play?
NEUT4|The companies and national isotope based medical company who focuses on treating different types of cancers is the only producer.
NEUT5|Brachytherapy, the company focuses on creating a personalized bracket treatment at a more cost effective price.
NEUT6|Just a little bit about the company the company is based in Richland and they have about 40 employees.
NEUT7|Their brachytherapy treatment is a technique that uses radiation seeds to get as close to the tumor as possible to destroy the cancer cells, and the company is also the only producer or celsium 131 treatments which they're expanding to treat more difficult types of cancer.
BULL8|The company also has some huge aspirations for the future, as they also want to expand other high target areas such as brain therapy.
BULL9|There are also expanding outwards to other cancers and working closely on head and neck types of cancer, so it's safe to say they were targeting some of these major areas, and that's a really good sign for further growth.
NEUT10|And I think this company is a lot of upside.
BULL11|The company has also presented in presentations across this week and received FDA clearance on some of their new treatments.
BULL12|Overall, looks like the stock could have some great upside to it.
NEUT13|I would heavily suggest if you're interested to head over to their company website, you can read all of their news and also watch the presentations from this week on their website.
NEUT14|This company almost feels like Monopoly and I think they have a lot of room for growth, but I'm curious to hear what you guys think about the stock.
NEUT15|Do you guys think it's also going to be big or was it just a run up this week because of the presentations from my personal research, I think this company has some good potential to be holding for long term, so I'm going to be holding some for the long term and I might be swinging some in the short term.
NEUT16|So let me know down below what you guys think about this company and also if you have any particular stocks you'd like me to look at, let me know down below.
NEUT17|So I'm not a financial advisor so this video is just for entertainment purposes only.
NEUT18|"So if you want to do more research on heavily suggests going over to their website."""
