BEAR0|"""The blast of wintery weather that struck the central United States in February contributed to a significant rise in the price of crude oil, but it's important to point out that oil benchmarks like West Texas Intermediate crude have been under eyes for several weeks."
BEAR1|Even prior to that, winter weather arriving and this rises, mid extraordinary discipline under part of OPEC plus Russia to maintain lower levels of production amid the pandemic.
BEAR2|In addition to that, US suppliers have also maintained lower production levels as a result of the strong price signal of lower prices.
NEUT3|Seeing throughout much of 2020.
BEAR4|But there's another reason, on top of all of those others, which is an oil inventories have begun to fall very, very significantly at the beginning of 2021.
BEAR5|Oil inventories were at their highest level since the beginning of any year since 2017, which is to say they were much higher levels and where they began 2000.
BEAR6|1819 or 20, but in the first six weeks or so of 2021, oil inventories in the US have been coming down at a very rapid pace and at a time of year when normally oil inventories are on the rise.
BEAR7|So part of the reason why oil inventories have been falling is because the oil curve itself is in backwardation, which is to say that the near term price of oil for saying March, April, May 2021, is significantly higher.
NEUT8|In the futures market, then longer dated oil contracts and say later in 2021 or in 2022.
BEAR9|This is providing a signal to the owners of all of this oil inventory that their inventory is likely to be worth less in the future than it is today, and hence providing an incentive to offload that inventory onto the market.
BULL10|While they can still get relatively higher near term prices.
BULL11|Now the fact of lower oil inventories is potentially good news for oil producers.
BEAR12|However, it could be less good news for oil consumers going forward as it leaves the market less of a buffer.
BULL13|In the event that we hopefully have a very strong economic recovery that leads to a significant increase in the demand for oil going forward, which could potentially result in higher oil prices in the future.
NEUT14|"I'm Eric Norland, senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
