BEAR0|"""Vice President Joe Biden holds a slight edge as the fight for the White House hinges on just a few close states."
NEUT1|We want to get right now to Yahoo News Reporter John Ward with the latest John, not only are we waiting for accounts in several states still to go, but there also, it seems like a growing number of legal challenges to accounts in various states.
NEUT2|Where do you want to start here with the legal challenges or with accounts?
NEUT3|Well, I'd say on the accounts.
NEUT4|I mean you guys put it pretty well where the country is really on the edge of its seat.
BULL5|It does look like Joe Biden is in a good position to get to 270 Electoral College votes and maybe higher may be considerably higher than that, but we're looking at these four states right now.
NEUT6|Georgia in the southeast, Arizona out West, and then Pennsylvania and Nevada.
NEUT7|And you know, we we knew that Pennsylvania was going to take awhile to get counted because of the way the Republicans made sure that Mail ballots.
NEUT8|Would not be counted until several days afterward there, and we're seeing what we expected from President Trump or we had hoped would not happen, but it is happening where he's trying to claim that ballots are being found rather than being counted.
NEUT9|But, you know, it's really interesting.
NEUT10|Arizona is, I think, closer than people thought it would be a day or two ago because the AP called it for Biden.
NEUT11|And there's talk that that could slip back to Trump while Georgia goes to Biden.
NEUT12|There's just a lot of uncertainty Biden looks like it's in a strong position, but it's.
NEUT13|It's not over as far as the legal challenges go.
NEUT14|You know my colleague Crystal Hill did a good piece for Yahoo News about this.
NEUT15|The only legal challenge I am aware of that I think has any real bearing on votes is the one in Pennsylvania regarding ballot Mail ballots that arrived after Election Day at 8:00 PM.
NEUT16|That's something that the Supreme Court has already ruled on.
NEUT17|They split four to four that was before Justice Barrett was on the court, it's.
NEUT18|Possible it's conceivable that those ballots do get thrown out if the case goes back to the Supreme Court, but we're talking about maybe 100 to 200, maybe 300,000 Mail ballots out of 2.6 or 2.7 million Mail ballots cast in Pennsylvania, and the people who are counting ballots in or kind of looking at the math in Pennsylvania, I think feel like it is trending Biden's direction there as well, but those you know, if that became an issue that.
NEUT19|That that that lawsuit that you know that could be of interest for sure.
NEUT20|I think the rest of the lawsuits are generally just sort of dilatory John real quick.
NEUT21|When are we going to get a conclusion to this thing?
NEUT22|A real conclusion?
NEUT23|Yeah, I mean, it could be today if we get calls on, you know, two or three of these states, I think that that could put it to rest if we're into.
NEUT24|"If we don't get calls from two or three states, we could be until tomorrow."""
