BULL0|"""Want to Spotlight shares an electric truck maker and Nicola today trading about 1% higher after some whipsaw moves."
BEAR1|It's been a busy past few couple of days here and we're talking about accusations from short seller Hindenburg Research against what this company put out in terms of their progress on moving towards manufacturing an electric truck as well as an investment from GM.
NEUT2|It's been up and down and the SEC are looking into them among others in here to discuss all of that with us and how serious it challenges is for Nicola.
NEUT3|Is Yahoo Finance's Alexis Keenan, who has more on all of that Alexis Hizack?
NEUT4|So yeah, we're hearing reports this week that both the DOJ as well as the SEC have expressed interest in this short seller report from Hindenburg Research, claiming that Nicola committed securities fraud, so a serious allegation there.
NEUT5|No word yet, though whether either of those agencies have launched an official investigation, something that will be certainly looking out for now, the agencies, they are not obligated to investigate, but.
NEUT6|If they do a, they're going to see what we're seeing right now in what Hindenburg has published.
NEUT7|But in order to get more information they would need subpoena power and that would require an official investigation.
NEUT8|Absent that, not going to be able to dig much deeper at this point, but I do want to show you an example of at least one of the claims that this short seller is making.
NEUT9|Most of the claims attack representations by the company as well as by its founder Trevor Milton by way of company video, social media.
NEUT10|Interviews with media.
NEUT11|So let's take a look at one.
NEUT12|This one is from December of 2016.
NEUT13|This is from an unveiling event from Nikola of its first prototype, the Nikola One.
NEUT14|Take a listen.
NEUT15|For every doubter out there that said that there's no way this is true, this is a real truck.
NEUT16|This is not a pusher, so how long have you been working on this?
NEUT17|'cause this is?
NEUT18|This is a fully functioning truck right here that were sitting in.
NEUT19|So how long have you been working on this?
NEUT20|This isn't just a push or like a lot of vehicles that they unveil are just vehicles that don't actually function as a fully functioning vehicle, which is really incredible and go through you.
NEUT21|Can you know we can change out pretty much everything we want?
NEUT22|All the temperatures.
NEUT23|I mean this is a fully functioning vehicle.
NEUT24|It's not just not just a pusher, that's what they call the in the Automotive World of vehicle that they just push and it doesn't move.
NEUT25|Following publication of that Hindenburg report, Nicola did concede that that same truck that was also shown in a promotional video, I think we have a look at that as well.
NEUT26|About a year later in 2018 that one appeared to be just rolling down a Hill in that promotional video and not actually operating on its own propulsion.
NEUT27|So that really calls into question whether Milton statements and these representations about its product being fully functioning, whether that rises to the level of fraud, securities, fraud or otherwise.
NEUT28|Now the company at the time was still private, but as far as the SEC and as far as the DOJ is concerned doesn't matter.
NEUT29|You can certainly commit misrepresentations and omissions that amount to fraud as either a public company or private one.
NEUT30|Zach yeah, and obviously you heard him stress that it wasn't a push or a few times in that clip.
NEUT31|Oddly, a number of times, but obviously hindsight 2020 here looking back on all of that.
BULL32|But Alexis Keenan appreciate you bringing us that.
NEUT33|Hey investors, Zach Guzman here are you interested in learning more about the markets and getting the latest financial news?
NEUT34|Well then click right here to subscribe to our Yahoo Finance YouTube channel.
NEUT35|"Get the latest up to the minute market analysis big interviews in the world of Finance and information on how to manage your money every day, wherever you are."""
