NEUT0|"""Now he should be on."
NEUT1|In the promoters of future coupons have written a letter to Amazon on the 31st of December 2020 in the letter which ET Now has access the promoters and beyond.
BEAR2|He said that the that Amazon was aware of the pressures faced by future retails due to COVID-19, but they did not bail out the company or fulfill the conditions necessary to keep the companies solvent.
NEUT3|Of course coming in after the legal tussle between our Reliance Industries and Kishore Biyani an Amazon on the other side, let me take it across to my colleague.
NEUT4|Empire she's joining in with more details at Priyanka.
NEUT5|This is a Kishore Bioni penning a letter to Amazon and saying when when things were fine when they knew the problems were coming.
NEUT6|Amazon did not choose to bail them out.
BEAR7|Well, yes, translator that we have access we can see that the shoreby aniane future coupons promoters are clearly saying that Amazon did not come forward to help them when they were in need.
BEAR8|When there are shares had fallen and that it had gone higher than they intended to go.
BEAR9|Amidst the pandemic and which is why they were forced to go ahead and seek investors and go ahead with the reliance.
NEUT10|Now what this letter reads is that Amazon was aware of the norms of was aware that they would be.
NEUT11|There were breaches that there they were aware that basically if there is a certain level of a shareholding if detected, sorry as part of the total debt of future retailers, certain top of have to be maintained securities, and if that is not maintained then there will be issues already faced by future retail.
NEUT12|Under, shares will have to be disposed of, which Amazon was aware of, and yet they did not come forward to help them.
NEUT13|There said that as per the correspondence that has happened between March and August 2020, the actions of Amazon land good faith, they only showed lip service and attempted to show concern, but they were no genuine efforts made by Amazon.
NEUT14|They had only put above the start of facilitating and raising of finance what future retail future group is also saying is that there was pressure coming in from the lenders to restructure the debt or future retail limited.
NEUT15|Which of future group did not want?
BEAR16|Because that would have an impact on the promoter shareholding of the company, which is why they were forced to go ahead and seek investors.
NEUT17|They said that Amazon was not expected to sit on the fence by simply calling for information and that.
NEUT18|They were supposed to help them or provide solutions.
BEAR19|But being totally disillusioned and fed up with your lackadaisical attitude, we were left with no option but to accept the offer from reliance is what is future retail and Kishore Bioni have said in this letter.
NEUT20|Basically, they're saying that there was no help that came from Amazon, which pushed him to go look for investors, then also said that any breaches that Amazon is accused them of are not really true.
BEAR21|There said that allegations of breaches under the future retail share holding a ludicrous and reaches weren't no response and that they deny any that they have acted contrary to any contractual obligations for personal gain.
NEUT22|"So this is an effort by future coupons to set the record straight with Amazon."""
