NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 12th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, why and I offered notes?
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
NEUT3|An IO is planning to offer 1.3 billion in convertible notes, which will include notes due for the year 2026.
NEUT4|The company plans to offer these notes on January 12th, 2021 through companies like Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and see I see see the company explained.
BULL5|The reason they're doing this is to further strengthen its cash and balance sheet positions.
BULL6|This translated means NIO is gearing up their finances for their expansion ventures, vehicle technology advances, and increased production into 2021.
NEUT7|A convertible note is basically a debt security that takes priority and converts a predefined stock amount price.
NEUT8|Both startups and large, well established companies enact this kind of financing.
BULL9|This is because these notes gives the company easy access to these proceeds.
BULL10|This move by Anayo makes perfect sense since the company wants to expand as well as increasing their car production.
NEUT11|Why not pursue an easy way to do that?
NEUT12|For investors, there is no need to panic.
BULL13|The company is still stable and on the UP and up an IO is taking advantage of its NIO days, positive sentiment to strengthen the company for future endeavors.
BULL14|Let's be honest to be number one in the EV field is not cheap, but NIO is ready to take on the task by strengthening their fault for long term gains.
NEUT15|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT16|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT17|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL18|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT19|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT20|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
