BULL0|"""So unsurprisingly, it looks like history has been made."
NEUT1|Again, Netflix has officially disclosed that they're going to be making a movie around all the events of the Wall Street situation, so all the trading, all the holding, all the corruption, all the memes, all the attendees.
NEUT2|It's probably all going to be there, so from the Cena article I read is stated one of the biggest stories of the year is barely a week old, But Hollywood is already calling 2 movies, including one from Netflix, are reportedly in the works to cover the story of the anti establishment Redditors who trolled Wall Street.
NEUT3|Here's a little background on what's going down for years.
BEAR4|Wall Street investors have been betting that video game retailers like GameStop would fail.
BEAR5|They said that the move toward online game buying would eventually spell Doom.
BEAR6|The pandemic appeared to speed up these changes to Wall Street was so sure that GameStop would fail that they made it one of the most heavily bet against stocks on the market over the past few months, though, a group of Reddit users have been buying up shares, pushing up Gamestop's value and undermining Wall Street.
NEUT7|Big bets at first.
BULL8|These form traders bought because they believe the company was better off than the Wall Street doubters thought.
BEAR9|Then as a GameStop value soared, Wall Street's bad bet started to cost investors billions of dollars.
BEAR10|It hasn't stopped there.
BULL11|The Reddit users want the price to rise even more as they wage an epic battle against Wall Street.
BEAR12|At one point, the Reddit users from the form Wallstreetbets sent the stock up more than 14,300%, so it's gone down through wild fluctuations.
NEUT13|Spread their strategy to struggling movie chain AMC and tech company BlackBerry to End Quote.
BULL14|So yeah, man, I could honestly see great potential for any movie about this.
NEUT15|You know honestly, even if it was a really bad movie, I still think people would go out and see it just to say they saw it.
NEUT16|You know.
NEUT17|So of course, when speculation of a movie rose in mind you this was actually before the scene article was released, but it instantly began imagining what the movie posters will look like.
NEUT18|It looks like the sentiment is is that the movie is going to be called.
NEUT19|The big short squeeze.
NEUT20|But you know now that I think about it.
NEUT21|Maybe the troll of Wall Street bets would be pretty fitting too.
BULL22|And you know, I'm actually really glad that Netflix swept this up so quickly.
NEUT23|The reason being is because I still want to see some of the people who are alive right now playing themselves in the movie.
NEUT24|So for instance.
NEUT25|So the Robin Hood CEO Vlad has been speculated that he should be played by Adam driver Jim Cramer from CNBC should obviously be Louis CK and I'm not really sure who could play as a Reddit leader DfE.
NEUT26|But Moreover I definitely want Elon to play as himself if he's even being considered for this movie and what's also interesting is that on top of all this news, Mark Cuban actually did a Reddit AMA today where he invited anyone to ask him anything.
NEUT27|And you know, I think this is honestly what everyone needs right now, especially the people who are holding open positions of game stock.
NEUT28|It's just cool for me to see all these billionaire investors and venture capitalists that are coming out to defend the little guy and advocating to keep the markets free.
NEUT29|It's people like Elon Chamath, Mark and Kevin O'Leary, who are still speaking out for the little guy.
BEAR30|And I think after the massive drop in GameStop from $470 on January 28th to hitting new lows today of sub 100 levels.
BULL31|It's people like the Ilanz and chema's of this world who are boosting morale and giving very excellent and well thought out dialogues that are changing the course of future in a huge way.
NEUT32|"Thanks for listening guys until next time."""
