NEUT0|"""It's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol AMZN."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Will the pull back on this one continues and you know I don't want to say, uh, you know, uh, stock destroy movement 'cause that would be way too dramatic.
BEAR5|But from a technical point of view, a relatively bearish you know event happened today and that was the price broke down below.
BULL6|What had you know, looked like it was going to be a good solid area of support right here at 3280?
NEUT7|I mean if you go through the history of the chart you can see 3280 right here.
BULL8|Fantastic job, multiple times holding that support and then even if you look at late day on Wednesday once again held US support right there and then.
BEAR9|Unfortunately this morning the price gap down below there.
NEUT10|And that's where the that's where the update needs to come into play, because there's a rule in charting which states 1 levels of support are broken below, they tend to act as resistance, so when supports are broken tend to act as resistance an that went right into effect this morning.
NEUT11|You can see that with that gap down, the price actually tried to bounce back above that area in a couple of different instances, but can never quite do it.
NEUT12|So point here being that moving forward, if the price does consolidate out and then work its way back upwards.
NEUT13|The big question mark now remains at the 3280 Mark.
NEUT14|Not necessarily can the price get back up to it, but more importantly, can the price break above it and stay above it?
NEUT15|That'll be that main question going into next week.
NEUT16|In the event the price is able to break above it and stay above it, the next key area of resistance you would want to focus on at that point would be that purple line there, which on my chart you know it's a very well known, the very famous 50.
NEUT17|Moving average, currently valid will call it 3290.
NEUT18|So keep trying those areas from the resistance side of things.
NEUT19|As far as supports are concerned, first level of support, nothing fancy at all other than the fact that just where the you know the bleeding finally stopped today that was down there at the 3240 Mark and then if the price cannot hold above that area up next key level of support after 3240 then down there right around the 3223 marks.
NEUT20|Okie Brian, these levels going for beer.
BULL21|Not the greatest way to end the week, but the price does still technically have the opportunity to build that higher base.
NEUT22|So let's see if the pricing you know get things back on track next week.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird.
NEUT28|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT29|But in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT33|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT35|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT36|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT39|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
