BULL0|"""Welcome back to quick take charge."
BEAR1|I'm Tim Stone avec in New York, the New York Stock Exchange has made what one analyst calls a quote bizarre.
NEUT2|You turn the exchange says it will no longer delist China's three biggest state owned telecom companies.
BEAR3|It's backing off a plan that had threatened to escalate tensions between the US and China.
NEUT4|Here to discuss is Bloomberg News Finance Reporter Lynnanne Nguyen.
NEUT5|Live from New York, linnan.
NEUT6|Let's take a step back here, explain what was going on.
NEUT7|Why did the New York Stock Exchange originally say that?
NEUT8|It would remove the shares of these companies.
NEUT9|Hi Tim, So what happened last week was that the New York Stock Exchange made an announcement that it was going to delete the list.
NEUT10|Three companies in accordance with a an executive order from the Trump administration to kind of barred companies that are linked to the Chinese military.
NEUT11|Now, this obviously was an announcement that kind of was a big deal in scene is pretty aggressive and then late last night the New York Stock Exchange released an announcement, very tersely worded that basically said they were going to reverse this.
BEAR12|Decision that stumped a lot of people, not just in Asia, but also in the US.
NEUT13|And So what we're doing today is trying to figure out exactly what steps happened and what what really happened in order to make NYSE reverse this decision so.
NEUT14|So give us the state of play as to what happens next.
NEUT15|What do we know about this U turn and if invest investors were kind of anticipating this at all, or if it really caught everyone by surprise, well, some of the people that we quote in the story definitely were surprised.
NEUT16|I think many people were surprised by this because obviously the decision to delist was seen as quite a big deal.
NEUT17|So the reversal has prompted questions about, you.
NEUT18|Know whether the government changed its mind and then told NYSE to change its mind weather NYSE misinterpreted the guidelines from the Treasury Department.
BEAR19|And so there are a lot of unanswered questions, but this is an embarrassing incident for NYSE as analysts we quote in the story say, because you know you don't make decisions like this lightly, particularly when there are political sensitivities at work here.
BEAR20|Obviously the US China relationship is frayed right now.
BEAR21|We're coming into a new administration soon, and so this is just not a great time to sort of be.
NEUT22|You know, throwing political fireworks, so it's really common to bad time and hasn't.
NEUT23|Frankly, surprised many investors.
NEUT24|If you're not a trader though, or if you don't closely follow the markets or or Chinese telecom companies, why does a move like this matter?
NEUT25|Why does a U turn like this matter?
NEUT26|Well, you turn like this matter is because obviously China's huge economy in the US is a huge economy where Inter Alliant in many ways and that kind of fractured relationship and those tensions that have been escalating over the last few years.
NEUT27|You know, everyone's kind of looking to see how those will sort of either.
BEAR28|Dissipate or ratchet up as we go into a new Biden administration.
BEAR29|And so you know, the US China trade relationship has been very frayed over the last few years and so many people in the business community, particularly in the US, are trying to push for those tensions to be ratcheted down at the same time.
BULL30|Many Chinese companies are trying to become, you know, sort of bigger presences on the international scene, including in U.S. markets.
NEUT31|So this really does affect everyone, because it's a part of a broader geopolitical story.
NEUT32|It's not just about 3.
NEUT33|Three companies, it's about the US China relationship or writ large.
BULL34|Bloomberg News Finance Reporter Lynnanne new in live from New York Linnan, thank you as always for your time.
BULL35|"We really appreciate it."""
