NEUT0|"""When markets are pin Wheeling, it's easy to see why forecasters want to add a qualifying verb to every US interest rate prediction."
BEAR1|The Federal Reserve may be on the brink of raising rates for the first time since the financial crisis, which might create disorder in global markets.
NEUT2|Although the Fed could also choose to be cautious which should have already been priced into markets.
NEUT3|If stress is weighing on, markets were limited to AUS rate rise, things would be much simpler.
BEAR4|With oil prices still below $40 a barrel and Chinese trade data pointing to weakening growth, disruption is already pooling in the riskiest corners.
BEAR5|Emerging markets which offered generous coupons to investors during years of low rates have fallen firmly out of favor.
BEAR6|Last week, the JP Morgan EM Currencies Index, which measures the strength of developing country currencies against the US dollar, hit a record low but in a disappointing year for PM Eastern Europe has been one particular bright spot.
NEUT7|Make a list of the problems plaguing emerging markets an you can dismiss almost every single one in Eastern Europe.
BULL8|Low oil prices.
NEUT9|Eastern European countries are net energy importers.
NEUT10|China slowdown the region's main trading partner is the euro zone and fed jitters.
BULL11|Europe is still benefiting from the largess of the European Central Bank.
BEAR12|There are domestic points of concern.
BEAR13|The recent election in Poland of a party perceived as anti markets have sent the Warsaw Exchange down and plans to accommodate migrants across the region has met with opposition.
BEAR14|The region is also not immune from a general sense of risk aversion right now in markets benchmark 10 year bond prices in Poland have fallen this month, widening the gap between Polish and German bond yields.
NEUT15|But with central banks still holding slave markets, it is the region's proximity to a central bank committed to pumping money into the system until at least March 2017.
BULL16|"That could prove most important and could save at least one area VM from suffering the worst effects of a Fed rate rise."""
