NEUT0|"""Silica coin staking price prediction January 5th."
BULL1|In today's silica coin staking price prediction, Zelica team offers solution alright let's get started as the new year started, crypto prices continued their rapid rise to new Heights.
BULL2|However, not every crypto project is enjoying this time of year, particularly silica gel which started experiencing certain technical difficulties.
NEUT3|The problems with transactions being stuck in crypto exchanges caused quite a bit of concern, and so there's a tile team decided to address the matter.
NEUT4|Does it I'll team took to Twitter yesterday to explain what happened with the users, transactions and their funds on January 3rd.
BEAR5|They explained that there were certain technical issues on some exchanges where withdrawals became impossible.
BEAR6|Zed IL holders who tried to withdraw their coins, started receiving error messages and received incorrect counter.
BEAR7|The Zed IL team explained that some transactions were supposed to be rejected as there was something wrong with them.
BEAR8|However, these rejections also started affecting legitimate transactions that came after the rejected ones.
NEUT9|According to the team.
BEAR10|The problem lies in a numbering issue, which caused the platforms to automatically reject valid transactions as well, but they assured the users that their funds are safe and they even tweeted the solution.
BULL11|Zed IL team already has a solution.
NEUT12|Zelica team assured the users that affected exchanges have already started resending the transactions.
BULL13|Meanwhile the team itself is sending their SDK's software development kits that will improve the way the exchanges handle transactions.
NEUT14|They stressed once more that the user's money is safe and that's it.
NEUT15|I'll holders contract transaction confirmations on view block dot IO.
BULL16|Meanwhile, the ZIP file community originally confused and concerned now seems quite pleased with the team's efforts, since the issues emerged.
BEAR17|Many Zed, IL community members noted that the issue started after the recent update on December 26th.
BEAR18|However, with some exchanges affected and others functioning without issues, many assumed that the problem lies with the platforms and not silica itself.
BEAR19|As for silica, the project saw a 20% price drop on a weekly basis after growing to 0.0886 dollars on January 1st.
NEUT20|At the time of writing.
NEUT21|Visit, I'll price sits at 0.0699 dollars.
BEAR22|Meanwhile its price volume dropped from $414.6 million on January 1st to $196.8 million on January 3rd, only to rise again today, January 4th to $322,000,000.
NEUT23|That's what's been happening this week in the world of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT24|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT25|If you enjoyed this edition of silica coin staking price prediction, leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL26|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT27|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT28|"Check out last week's silica coin staking price prediction by checking out our silica coin staking playlist."""
