NEUT0|"""I want to bring in Lee Olesky."
NEUT1|He is the CEO of Tradeweb to talk about this.
BULL2|Obviously the markets have been very active and I know that you all operate both in each.
NEUT3|Have some derivatives as well as on the fixed income side with what you were seeing in October.
NEUT4|What was the most active and can you extrapolate anything for the election and what happens next?
BULL5|Well, yes, so thanks for having me today we we actually reported our October trading volumes for the whole month of October and it was actually our second most active month ever.
NEUT6|So we traded about 900 billion, a little over 900 billion per day in our markets in the month of October.
NEUT7|That's the second largest one relative to the strongest was actually marched in all the crisis.
NEUT8|So a lot of the surge of activity.
BULL9|Driven mainly in our instance by the credit markets we've we've seen a big surge of volume in credits in the US.
NEUT10|In particular, we're now doing almost 20% of the entire credit market is coming through our system.
NEUT11|That's investment grade credit in the US, and we've also seen a number of other trends, right?
BEAR12|So there's been much more debt issuance.
NEUT13|Obviously, over the last six months, and response to the crisis.
NEUT14|So governments around the world are issuing.
NEUT15|Tremendous amount of debt which needs to get distributed and then ultimately gets traded.
BULL16|And finally we see an acceleration.
NEUT17|Really have a long standing trend, which is just electronification and more electronic trading more activity being digitized, which isn't unique to Tradeweb, but in our instance it's this surge of volume in electronic trading.
NEUT18|Well, one of the one of the themes right now coming off come off Election Day is that we may not get a stimulus plan and your business has benefited from more stimulus governments.
NEUT19|Issuing that debt, how do you think the lack of stimulus will will impact your business moving forward?
NEUT20|Well, you know the fortunate thing about the position tradeweb's in relative to a stimulus plan, or even generally what's happening and happening in the markets is the activity will continue.
NEUT21|There is a core group of institutions that are going to constantly be trading government debt, mortgages, all the different assets, credit those sorts of things.
BULL22|Obviously more volatility in markets is helpful for a business like Tradeweb.
BEAR23|And certainly you know what I expect to see in the coming months is a bit more volatility, certainly than what we've seen over the summer months, so things quieted down July and August.
BULL24|We saw things pick up in September, October room.
NEUT25|You know from September, and I think if we, you know, take a look at the markets over the coming month or so based on what's happening, we're going to see a bit more volatility yet.
NEUT26|Lee just charging my things how they look right now.
NEUT27|President Joe Biden, a Republican controlled Senate in the House, still controlled by the Democrats.
NEUT28|How will that change the banking regulatory backdrop?
NEUT29|Well, you know we're that's actually not what we focus on a tradeweb, so you know we're paying attention to what's happening in regulation relative to the market structure and things that are relevant to the bond market and our industry.
NEUT30|But that's the kind of thing that I don't like to sort of get into.
NEUT31|"It's not my area of expertise, and I think that it's not, you know, not something relevant for us directly relevant."""
