BULL0|"""Atosa Therapeutics announces receipt of FDA safe to proceed."
BULL1|Letter for treatment of an ovary in cancer patient with oral endoxifen under expanded access pathway.
BULL2|This news came out yesterday and it caused the stock to spike over 10% on the day in just three minutes.
NEUT3|I'm going to tell you guys the significance of this news and also what to look for later in my technical analysis.
NEUT4|If you were looking to get into this stock or add on to your positions so if you don't remember last month the same drug endoxifen halted their ongoing phase two clinical trials.
BULL5|Because the results were overwhelmingly positive.
NEUT6|So this news today, which is a safe to proceed letter, is saying that there is a patient who has recurrent over in cancer that will be using a combination of endoxifen, an another drug to help treat her and why this is important is because they only do this for patients with serious disease or condition or immediately life threatening condition to gain access to an investigational medical product for treatment outside of clinical trials.
NEUT7|When no come parable or satisfactory.
BULL8|Alternate therapy options are available so even though Endoxifen is still in clinical trials, they are going to be working with this patient to hopefully cure her, and atosa has said if these results are promising, they will consider doing additional clinical studies in patients with over in cancer.
BULL9|So this is all extremely good news and I was already super bullish on this company.
NEUT10|As I said in my previous video on Atosa and this just adds on to that.
NEUT11|So before we get into the technical analysis we can see that analyst price targets are $6.25.
NEUT12|Average and right now they're trading at just $3.25, so keep that in mind as I go into my technical analysis portion of the video.
NEUT13|So now on the chart of Atosa Therapeutics, the first point that I marked out is this daily top resistance, which is a very strong level, and this bottom support.
NEUT14|So now going down to the four hour time frame we can start to see the structure more clearly and we were making this bearish structure of lower lows and lower highs, but we recently broke out of this structure and made a higher high.
BULL15|And what I am expecting to happen now is for us to make a higher low above this support level and then continue this bullish trend up to the daily resistance level.
NEUT16|I also want to mention that this higher low might not be as clear as I am drawing it.
NEUT17|It might happen in a form of a flag pattern, a break and retest, or even just sideways consolidation with a breakout to the upside.
NEUT18|I also look at Bollinger bands and RSI, especially after news because usually traders push the price up way into overbought territory.
BULL19|And we then see a pullback within the next few days and the RSI is approaching 70, which is a sign that it is overbought and the price is tapped into the Upper Bollinger Band, and the reason that I'm telling you guys this is because it makes even more sense now for us to pull back and make a higher low to continue to go up and retest the highs, and that is exactly what I'm going to be looking for.
BULL20|And if that happens I think we can maintain this healthy trend up to $4.50 in the short term and reach the analyst projections of $6.50 in the near future.
NEUT21|So if you guys want to see more analysis like this, consider subscribing and comment down below and tell me how many shares of atosa are you holding.
NEUT22|"With that being said, I'll see you guys next time."""
