BULL0|"""Jumia Technologies ticker symbol JMIA has been one of the hot stocks for the past few weeks."
BULL1|That's because they've been doing some interesting stuff with their business, and I really caught attention from the stock market, and we've seen a huge run up.
NEUT2|But the question is, can this run up be maintained, and what is the reason for this run up?
NEUT3|Well today we're going to be quick, hot.
NEUT4|Take on what to look at and why you should add to your watchlist one Jimmy, a huge e-commerce play, essentially trying to take.
NEUT5|The Amazon Alibaba style of business of E Commerce and take that to Africa, a developing market.
NEUT6|Not only are they using e-commerce, they're using Jumia Logistics, which essentially they're gathering data from their ecommerce business to build smarter.
BULL7|More efficient business practices that help their ecommerce business remained highly profitable over the long run.
NEUT8|Similar to Alibaba in the sense Alibaba focuses more on creating a marketplace for buyers and sellers rather than creating many warehouses and selling the products themselves, they'd rather create the marketplace and take a cut of every sale from both the buyers and sellers moving on Jumia Pay, which could be perfectly integrated into their e-commerce platform, which is also a play on the payments game.
NEUT9|Which is huge right now looking at PayPal, Visa, MasterCard.
BEAR10|These stocks have run up massively.
NEUT11|This is another catalyst for Jumia moving on from that, we're looking at Jimmy's food delivery business.
NEUT12|Jumia has their own food delivery in Africa.
NEUT13|They have the infrastructure infrastructure for it and don't forget all of this has the Jumia name on it, which is building the Jumia brand name.
NEUT14|An establishing to me, a brand loyalty for the long term.
NEUT15|And moving on from this.
NEUT16|The biggest catalyst going forward right now is probably that Jumia has suddenly shifted their focus to profitability.
NEUT17|I think what we're really going to have to find out over the coming weeks if we gain more information or maybe even the coming years if it takes awhile to get the information.
BULL18|How fast can Jumia get to profitability?
NEUT19|And what exactly is their plan to become profitable where they can still grow and maintain that strong brand name that they're trying to build while also growing to become profitable?
BULL20|But I really think the combination of seeking profitability and building strong brand loyalty is a huge game changer and could make Jumia a massive runner for the years to come.
NEUT21|So don't forget to add this one to your watchlist Jumia Technologies ticker symbol JM.
NEUT22|"IA."""
