BEAR0|"""China shocked the world with a major devaluation of its currency in the move."
NEUT1|That's going to have effect on both investors and politicians, where the hood in the street team in Hong Kong and with me is Aaron back Aaron, are, you ask, surprised with the move as everyone else is.
NEUT2|I'm quite surprised, yes, but in retrospect it does have a certain amount of logic.
BEAR3|Chinese economy has been weak and getting weaker.
BEAR4|They need to loosen policy, but they're in a bind because when they cut interest rates, that creates outflow pressures, especially when the Federal Reserve is expected to soon start raising rates.
NEUT5|And so this is, in a sense, their solution to that, and we have to note here that you know, for a while China has invaded this sort of what what economists call the trilemma in monetary policy by having a closed capital account.
NEUT6|But that's not true anymore, right?
NEUT7|Correct?
NEUT8|I mean, the Chinese capital account is sort of semi open.
NEUT9|It's open enough that we've seen actually hundreds of billions of dollars of capital outflows in the first half of this year, and so, you know, that's why they're doing this now.
BEAR10|They can't keep the currency stable and cut interest rates at the same time, because it just sends too much money out.
BEAR11|So even this, even though this is supposed to show some kind of deep malaise in the economy, investors so far seem to be reacting pretty well, at least in the stock market.
BEAR12|Lot of stocks are up.
NEUT13|What do you make of that?
BULL14|I mean, I think stock market investors view this as a form of easing, and in a sense that's true, and they perceive that this will pave the way for further interest rate cuts as well.
BEAR15|Yeah, if I'm holding you know, stock in an exporting company, obviously I'm better off now, because exports are really going to go through the roof.
NEUT16|Yeah, Chinese exporters, sure, but if you own stock in anyone who sells something to China.
BEAR17|Like a raw material producer, then this is quite negative for you, so I do think that you know the market is going to have to sort of.
NEUT18|Settle out the winners and losers here, and that's only just started.
NEUT19|The other question here is politics an you know for awhile?
NEUT20|It's US election season, then politicians in the US for the last many years have been beating the drum about China's current currency manipulator.
BEAR21|This is obviously going to change the debate and the tone in the US.
NEUT22|Now maybe I mean, I think in a sense China's timing is good here because you actually hear a lot less about China being a currency manipulator then you did say in 2008.
NEUT23|And that's partially because the renminbi, or over those years is appreciating quite a lot.
NEUT24|Now you know we have a presidential race coming up.
NEUT25|Wouldn't be surprised if we hear Donald Trump talk about this, but it's not as big a deal as it was several years ago.
NEUT26|"All right, maybe another campaign talking point for Donald Trump, but certainly an issue for investors to grapple with."""
