NEUT0|"""Question from David in Massachusetts, he writes."
NEUT1|What is the definition of an institutional investor?
NEUT2|Does the percentage of institutional investors indicate if a stock is under the radar and how do institutional investors affect the volatility of a stock?
NEUT3|Three really good questions.
BULL4|Many yes.
NEUT5|Well, I don't think there's any kind of hard definition of an institutional investor, but I think we think of it as any investor that's not a retail investor.
NEUT6|Individual.
NEUT7|Mr like us or maybe a small RA investor that's managing family money.
NEUT8|I mean, it's it's really just you're talking about.
NEUT9|Hedge funds, investment banks, pension funds, those kind of big money managers like Fidelity and so that's what an institution is into the second point.
NEUT10|Yes, I think if you see a company especially we tend to see them with small caps.
NEUT11|Small caps tend to have not a lot of institutional ownership, and that makes them interesting because they tend to be off the radar because institutions large institutions usually can't invest in them anyway, and so you can have a little bit maybe informational advantage as an individual investor buying small caps.
NEUT12|Yeah, and the institutions that are focused on what we call quant investing or algorithmic investing are often very responsible for a lot of the volatility we see.
NEUT13|These are folks that manage billions and billions of dollars and will will take their portfolios up or down several percentage points.
NEUT14|You know with just a check mark on a piece of paper or on a computer and you'll see big big swings in both stocks.
NEUT15|The market as a whole, specifically the importance of indexes like the S&P 500 index.
NEUT16|So many.
NEUT17|So much dollars flowing into those index you'll see wide wide swings up and down in what people think of as a proxy for the market.
NEUT18|Yeah, I think one of the things we look for in any of the stocks that we're covering for Members or recommending for services.
NEUT19|You look at the ownership or the Holdings rather than the companies or the institutions or who has meaningful ownership in that company and oftentimes, particularly with new IPOs, you'll see VC interest, venture capital interest in a lot of times they can have 510% ownership even more.
NEUT20|And that's fine.
BULL21|I mean that's they kind of helped bring that company public, and that helps them in that regard.
NEUT22|But it's also worth remembering whenever you see that heavy VC interest they have an exit strategy in mind.
NEUT23|And by exit strategy I mean they want to be able to sell that and make some money.
NEUT24|At some point they want to realize those gains.
NEUT25|So I mean, that is something worth noting when you see these new IPOs take into consideration the fact that there may be an exit strategy at some point here that could in the short run at least play its way on the stock price.
NEUT26|And then I'll finally add that.
NEUT27|It's a combination of the institutional analysts.
NEUT28|Sometimes what we call the sell side analysts, giving guidance to the institutional investors that will cause stocks to jump or decline in relatively large swings.
NEUT29|Most retail investors like us are not focused on these sell side analysts in the buy, sell and hold, but the institutional investors clearly get their guidance from them.
NEUT30|So for individual investors like us, when we're buying a stock, we're going to make a phone call or click a button and it all happens in one fell swoop.
NEUT31|Curious, run back in your hedge fund days when you were buying shares of a company.
NEUT32|Did you have?
NEUT33|I'm assuming you had to do it sort of on a piece meal basis.
NEUT34|You couldn't just go in all at once and buy all the shares you wanted, correct?
NEUT35|We would work with traders and we would say, let's work a 10,000 share order with the top price of $7.00 per share and you know they would.
NEUT36|They would go to work for us.
NEUT37|Or you know if we had smaller orders we could do them by ourselves, their own systems.
NEUT38|"But yeah, especially if you're dealing with small caps and micro caps like I did, you've gotta work those orders over days if not weeks."""
