NEUT0|"""Welcome back to another video traders today."
NEUT1|I'm looking at Apple AAPL.
NEUT2|Here we are on the four hour 180 day chart.
NEUT3|As always, going back before the coronavirus hit, Apple was around $80.00.
NEUT4|Now this was before the most recent split in August, which I believe was a four time split.
NEUT5|So technically this was about 3:20.
BEAR6|Regardless, though, they crashed down to what was at the time, about 200 to 12, and they've been on a pretty steady, steady recovery, you know, recovered up to 80 within the first couple of months, and you know, as we all know, tech stocks have just been killing it throughout this coronavirus economy, and they've been riding this growth trend all the way up.
NEUT7|You know, during the craziness of September, we saw that all time High Apple, as always, driving the spy, hit an all time high as well at one 3855, and since then Apple, as well as the market as a whole.
BEAR8|We've been on a bit of a drone downtrend pulling back and I've seen, you know, looking at a lot of charts this week, I've seen a lot of big cap stocks that.
BULL9|It broke new highs in July, especially or some in August and they've kind of been consolidating into those highs ever.
NEUT10|Since then now.
BULL11|Apple is a little bit different, and I think it's a bullish indication that the Apple High was more recent, and it coincided with the market high.
BULL12|But regardless, we're seeing a lot of consolidation in the wider market in the in the big caps especially, and in tech stocks in two previous highs from the summer, and I think that's what we're seeing from Apple here.
NEUT13|You know, we have this beautiful growth trend, obviously, and now that we're looking at this more recent downtrend from those highs and it all is really focusing pretty closely around the support that we developed earlier in the summer.
BULL14|And I do think we have strong support here.
NEUT15|As we can see from the last few days, the last week to 10 days we've consolidated directly into the support and just recently now catching the downtrend again as we have, you know, in the middle of September, and hopefully I'm assuming you know and less there's no stimulus package.
BULL16|But yeah, we're going to bounce here.
BULL17|We're going to stay up on this, you know.
NEUT18|For a long time Apple's been pretty much the best stock in the world, and I'm not going to tell you that that's changing anytime soon, guys.
BULL19|So Apple right back into support could be a big good time to pick it up right now.
NEUT20|A lot of people are predicting a run on tech stocks into the end of the year and also recently.
BEAR21|Off the Intel earnings report, which although it was a very negative report for Intel, One indicator that was taken from the report as a whole was simply the growth in the PC sales market this summer.
BULL22|So that's bullish news for other PC manufacturers like Apple and like Dell.
NEUT23|But that's going on with Apple here.
BEAR24|You know a bit of a pullback with the market into support, and I think we're catching the bottom of the trend now.
BULL25|Expect to see this thing recover back up towards 130 through the end of the year.
NEUT26|Thanks for watching guys.
NEUT27|If you liked the video, please leave a like.
NEUT28|If you have any questions or comments, please comment below.
NEUT29|"And if you want to see more videos like this please subscribe, thanks again and have a great day."""
