NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions February 2nd."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions where an IO will be tomorrow.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
BULL3|Analysts expect NIO stock to go up tomorrow due to the fact that the market is stabilizing and short sellers have covered their positions.
BEAR4|Currently GameStop GME, an AMC Entertainment AMC, significantly lower after buying Mania, which happened last week.
BEAR5|It seems the buying frenzy has stopped in the market, might return to its normal trading day at the current time.
NEUT6|Traders and investors attention will focus on stimulus discussion.
NEUT7|Once again, Republican Congress proposed a smaller size of stimulus proposal to Joe Biden and it will be discussed this week.
BEAR8|Although the new strain of the COVID-19 virus being discovered is putting a scare on some investors and the economy, new stock buyers will recover after the sell off.
BULL9|For now, those who are holding onto NIO can expect a rally to happen very soon as a result of nio's record deliveries and boss expansion.
NEUT10|Investors must remember that you can only make profit by trading your stock with a strategy instead of panic selling when a stock dips.
NEUT11|For instance, those who held on to stocks like Apple and Amazon in their early stage are currently making an easy $50,000 at the end of every fiscal year.
NEUT12|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT13|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT14|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL15|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT16|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT17|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
