NEUT0|"""People tend to overestimate what they can do in a year, but we underestimate what they can do in 10 years."
BULL1|Getting those first customer is getting that first round of funding can be incredibly difficult, but as you do start to accomplish those things, the benefit of it adds up overtime and you were able to actually get to the place where you are actualising those dreams.
NEUT2|I'm jazz SIM CEO and Co.
NEUT3|Founder of Why Systems where we are trying to help increase the number of perfect deliveries in the world.
NEUT4|We provide a platform that helps schedule and plan routes for drivers that are doing last mile delivery and we help those drivers be more on time, more efficient and really just change the way that all of these companies are doing their deliveries on a daily basis.
NEUT5|Starting a company is all about sacrifice and that sacrifice really can start to look like sleepless nights and working on the weekends and everything.
NEUT6|But really, I think one of the biggest parts just sacrificing my vision for how I thought life would go with my wife and I first got married a few years ago.
NEUT7|It was actually 2 weeks later that I had to move to Detroit 1000 miles away to move into an apartment where I would be sleeping on the floor and I'd be living with my co-founder.
NEUT8|That was how we got started.
NEUT9|It really is all about the sacrifice and laying everything down for the business.
NEUT10|For me, the American dream means getting to work on a really interesting, exciting, challenging problem.
NEUT11|Getting to work with people that you really like generally enjoy being around and respect.
NEUT12|It's getting to have that a huge impact on people's lives and really getting to be in an industry that is changing and constantly updating and adjusting.
NEUT13|When I was growing up, I didn't actually know that you could even go into entrepreneurship or start your own company, and so being able to be that positive role model for.
NEUT14|The younger generations and people growing up in America.
NEUT15|"That's big."""
