BEAR0|"""Here we've got a little bit of a drop off."
BULL1|Of course in there in recent weeks with JP Morgan stock, it's up a little bit yesterday into today, but of course the big trade that cost them a lot of money over in London.
BEAR2|2 billion plus at this point obviously has cost the shares some confidence and we've got Katie burned to talk a little bit about.
NEUT3|There's there's new.
NEUT4|There's new facts coming to light about the trade that really costs them this money.
NEUT5|It's a lot more complicated Katie than people originally thought it was, yes.
NEUT6|Well, I mean, I think people in this marketplace knew it was complicated, but I think there are a lot of shareholders out there questioning how complicated it was.
NEUT7|Yes?
NEUT8|Yeah.
NEUT9|Regulators probably worrying about the complexity of this trade, right?
NEUT10|They're looking at reining in some of the some of the trading at the banks too, yeah?
NEUT11|Yeah, I mean they've already got the Volcker Rule looking at how much banks are taking risks with their own capital.
NEUT12|I think what was going on here was that the bank put on a hedge last year when the market started to tank.
NEUT13|It's got obviously a big loan book and various other Holdings that it needed to hedge from some kind of downturn so they put on a short that would pay off if any of those bonds deteriorated, that would act as a hedge, but then going into this year we have the markets rally.
NEUT14|Then they start to start to reverse some of that and they start to.
NEUT15|Get along that selling all this derivatives protection.
NEUT16|That's a very bullish trade, so you've got a hedge that then starts to get more complicated because they they start to go the other way and they don't just go the other way, they go the other way in a very, very big way.
NEUT17|And then they start to build this very directional position and then then in the third instance they have this other position that offsets it that expires later this year and then a very very complicated trade.
NEUT18|It's called a trans trade, which takes the index that they were betting against.
NEUT19|Anne Anne sort of takes a piece of it and takes two different legs that expire in two different maturities.
NEUT20|And so yeah, it's this very complicated web of trades course.
NEUT21|What you've been using the word hedge right?
NEUT22|They were they went into this, designing it as a hedge against the rest of their.
NEUT23|This loan, but the rest of their portfolio.
NEUT24|But as you talk about the complexity of it, that the point is of your story, really, it sounds like is it really looked more like a bet?
NEUT25|And what is the importance of the distinction between whether it was a hedge or a bed?
NEUT26|What will the importances that these banks are?
NEUT27|I mean the CIO office, the Chief Investment Office is designed, or outwardly, it says it is designed to hedge risks elsewhere on the bank's balance sheet.
NEUT28|This is not a unit, that is.
NEUT29|I mean, it's certainly not supposed to be losing money, granted, but it's also not supposed to be doing trades that are designed to generate tons of income.
NEUT30|And there are also some questions about, you know the extent to which these traders were incentivized based on any profits that they made on these sorts of trades.
NEUT31|Where did the hedging stop and where did the proprietary trading and bets with the firm's own capital begin?
NEUT32|That's obviously key to the Volcker debate, but I think that people in this marketplace of at least have been telling me, you know, you can start off with a hedge on a souring of the junk bond market.
NEUT33|Once you overlay that with a very directional, very large bet the other way, and then these two other very complicated pieces that went along with it, now you've got a trading strategy.
NEUT34|Now you've got something that looks a lot more like prop trading, so I think that's where the Gray area is.
NEUT35|Something that of course is going to.
NEUT36|We've got regulators right now, working on the Volcker Rule, and they're going to be looking at this trade very closely as they fashion that rule.
BULL37|"I'm sure Katie thank you very much for joining us."""
