BEAR0|"""A bad Supreme Court decision guarantees more chaos in counting the votes next month."
NEUT1|I'm Steve Forbes.
NEUT2|This is what's ahead when we give you the insights you need to help navigate this turbulent world.
BEAR3|The Covid crisis has precipitated a record number of Mail in votes for this year's general election.
BEAR4|With so many close races in various states for the presidency, not to mention hotly contested battles for the Senate in the House of Representatives, there will likely be an avalanche of lawsuits concerning the validity of hundreds of thousands, if not millions of these Mail in ballots.
NEUT5|Was the ballot received on time?
NEUT6|Was the signature valid?
NEUT7|Was the ballot solicited or delivered by an unauthorized individual and on and on?
NEUT8|With 10s of millions of more votes being cast through the Mail rather than a traditional polling places, the need for fixing precise rules is crucial.
NEUT9|Unfortunately, courts in a number of states have been arbitrarily changing the rules rather than relying legislatures to do the job.
NEUT10|Pennsylvania is a prime example, the law there expressly states that Mail in ballots must arrive no later than 8:00 PM on Election Day.
NEUT11|Nonetheless, the Democrat dominated Supreme Court changed the deadline.
NEUT12|To three days after the election, for good measure, it decreed that the ballot need not have a legible postmark.
NEUT13|The opportunity for fraud is huge.
BEAR14|No surprise Republicans cried foul of this brazen move.
NEUT15|Since these elections involve federal offices, not just state, once the US Supreme Court would have been within its rights to grant a stay on what the Pennsylvania judges had done more over, the High Court could have used the occasion to declare the courts.
NEUT16|Could not tamper with election laws in any state.
NEUT17|Only state legislatures can do that.
BEAR18|Unfortunately, the Supreme refused to intervene and let the Pennsylvania maneuver stand by ducking the chance to draw the line.
BEAR19|Now the Supreme Court will likely be deluged with lawsuits on Pennsylvania likes and arrogance after November 3rd.
NEUT20|Litigation will be bad enough without fights on what exactly the rules should have been.
BEAR21|But over 500,000 ballots were declared invalid in this year's primaries because of the fight over the validity of thousands of Mail ends.
NEUT22|Primary results, for example, in two New York congressional primaries, were not known for several weeks.
NEUT23|One can only shudder at the scale of similar legal fights on a national scale.
NEUT24|I'm Steve Forbes.
NEUT25|This is what's ahead.
BULL26|"Thank you for listening to sending your comments and suggestions, and I look forward to being with you soon again."""
