NEUT0|"""What is the update in your American economic call?"
BULL1|Sure, well, I think you know we're we're slowing down.
BULL2|We've gone through the the fast recovery phase here.
BULL3|We've gotten back to some percentage of normal consumption spending through August was about 80% of of pre pandemic levels employment only a little over half the way back.
NEUT4|And now I think we're kind of settling into the next phase, which is going to be continued recovery, but at a slower pace, and I think you know there's been a lot of discussion around the stimulus, and I think in my mind that I think a lot of people are assuming that that the economy is entirely dependent on another round of stimulus.
BULL5|Like yesterday an I think certainly more stimulus sooner would would push growth higher, but right?
BULL6|I think the economy can continue to recover without it in the near term.
NEUT7|What is the partition right now in America among goods producers versus service producers?
NEUT8|Well, it's pretty stark because the good side of the economy in many ways is back to pre pandemic levels, and even beyond that retail sales core.
NEUT9|Durable goods orders.
NEUT10|Obviously the housing sector.
NEUT11|So there are a number of parts of the economy that are, you know, I don't know, booming might be a little too strong, but.
NEUT12|But certainly very robust and even within the service sector there's there are winners and losers, and it's really just a function of the pandemic and the restrictions that have been put in place.
BEAR13|So you know you've got some sectors that are struggling like restaurants.
NEUT14|And then you've got other sectors that are just kind of a flat on their back air travel hotels taking the story at the moment.
BULL15|Everyone is calling this the case shape recovery now getting some real traction.
NEUT16|I just wonder how extended those two legs of that K can actually get.
NEUT17|Well, I think that's totally a function of the of the virus.
NEUT18|You know, if six months from now we have vaccines and effective treatments, which seems like a not an unrealistic scenario, then you could see a quick revival in some of those sectors that are having trouble right now, even though they've made virtually no progress so far, and I think that's you know that's the difficulty that we all have in the markets and that the Fed has is that.
NEUT19|Visibility is just not very far.
NEUT20|I mean, we maybe we have a pretty good idea what things are going to be like in two or three months, but once you start talking about six months out, 12 months out, two years out, you know.
NEUT21|It could be literally.
NEUT22|"The scenario could be anything."""
