NEUT0|"""Hi there, Jason Moser analyst with Motley Fool One thanks for joining us for another edition of Ask a fool today we're taking a question from Annabelle who asks I have $1000 to start investing in your foolish opinion."
NEUT1|What's the best way to get started?
NEUT2|I want to Max out my returns in two to three years and don't want to lose money and then animal goes off.
NEUT3|Goes on to list a number of companies.
NEUT4|That animal is considering so you know I want to make sure we understand here that there are many different ways we look at this.
NEUT5|We probably talk about this all day long, but just a couple of key points that I want to make sure you understand about is that number one we invest with a longer time horizon in mind here and we preach diversity here at the full plain and simple, and what this means is that investors buying individual stocks should plan on owning at least 20 or even more across different industries and different sizes.
NEUT6|If you're going to be investing on a regular basis, adding money to your portfolio on a regular basis.
NEUT7|That's the most ideal way to do it.
NEUT8|But what I want you to do is be very careful choosing companies on your own names that you know that are familiar to.
NEUT9|You might not always actually be great investments, so you mentioned RadioShack for example, and that's a company I would say you're very clear from as it's bordering on bankruptcy.
NEUT10|Now.
NEUT11|Of course, it may actually avoid bankruptcy, but I would say the odds are definitely not in their favor at this point in time, so understanding how a company makes its money and why it will succeed against its competitors are a couple of key questions that you want to be able to answer, and we.
NEUT12|Answer These questions and more in our services with all of the stocks that we recommend.
NEUT13|But if you want to invest with the deck stacked more in your favor, then you might want to consider just investing your money in an index fund that covers the broader market.
NEUT14|Something like the Vanguard 500 index fund will give you more exposure.
NEUT15|It will give you exposure to all 500 companies in that index and that is instant diversity right there.
NEUT16|The real secret though to any of this is to make sure that you invest regularly.
NEUT17|If you can allocate a certain amount of money each month towards your holding or Holdings.
NEUT18|Buying during the Good Times and the bad.
BULL19|This will greatly improve your chances of success and it really takes trying to time the market completely out of the equation.
NEUT20|It's called Dollar cost averaging and the idea behind it is simply to smooth out your cost basis over time with your investments and it helps you take the thinking really out of investing.
NEUT21|So if you haven't done so yet, I would encourage you to go take a look at our 13 steps to investing foolishly.
NEUT22|Now all you have to do to get there is go to Google and type in the number 13 and then the word steps.
NEUT23|Motley Fool's that's 13 steps Motley Fool and that will take you directly to the link where you can go through and read all 13 steps that we have there to better understand our investing philosophy and to better understand how you can get started in investing better.
BULL24|I'm certain it will help steer you in the right direction, so I hope this gives you a great starting point.
BULL25|It's a great question and I wish you all the luck in the world.
NEUT26|"For more information, make sure to check out full com."""
