BEAR0|"""Shares down a little bit while they're only down a little bit."
NEUT1|You know, I think it's because this is reflecting past business policies of Facebook.
BEAR2|Most of these practices are being closed down, according to the company.
NEUT3|I think there are some residual issues, but the work into closing down, and I think given the Cambridge Analytica issues, the shares reactively to that, this isn't really anything new or incremental, so I think you know that there's nothing more for people to worry about at this point.
NEUT4|Yeah, it's still Matthew pretty serious.
NEUT5|I mean, if messages can be accessed by outside apps.
NEUT6|When are users going to stop using Facebook?
NEUT7|Yeah, so I mean it's it's a serious issue and I think you know Facebook's changing the way it does business now voluntarily to some degree, but also with pressure from policy makers.
BULL8|Obviously in the Europe we got the GDP R legislation which could you know Landon, with some hefty fines.
NEUT9|But that's more than a billion dollars I think from a consumer perspective.
BEAR10|The sad reality is that people are quite used to data hacks.
NEUT11|Now it's kind of a fact of life about being online.
NEUT12|I think people are changing their habits.
NEUT13|The kind of information they share, who they share it with.
BEAR14|And that obviously kind of diminishes the power of a platform like Facebook.
NEUT15|Is there any data out there that shows us whether the public is becoming any more aware of the fact that Facebook is in fact an advertising platform that's its main revenue source, that it's pretty much only revenue source and that's what it exists for.
NEUT16|Yeah, I think there was, you know, I think a lot of people have moved their social media interactivity to different kinds of platforms.
NEUT17|Ironically, some of them are owned by Facebook.
NEUT18|Things like Instagram, but you know where you are naturally sharing less information here.
NEUT19|Lots of people use WhatsApp, 'cause the messaging is encrypted and they've also historically had a much stronger kind of protection of users data.
BEAR20|So I think you are seeing it in the way people are shifting the usage and also in the US, Facebook's active user base has essentially stalled, so.
BEAR21|And most mature market people are shifting away from the platform.
NEUT22|OK, so a lot of people are shifting away from the platform, so here's the big question.
NEUT23|Instagram is now such an important part of this business.
NEUT24|How does Facebook avoid contagion?
NEUT25|From what we're seeing with Facebook, and make sure just avoid that going into Instagram.
BEAR26|Because if that happens then they're in trouble.
NEUT27|That's right, yeah, I mean, it's a billion users.
NEUT28|Also today Instagram.
NEUT29|I think they need to kind of proactively look at what's going on on that platform.
NEUT30|Learn the lessons from the Facebook platform, make sure that they're not being repeated on Instagram.
NEUT31|And if they do find something, close it down incredibly quickly and be very open about it, 'cause they don't want to lose people's trust in that platform shareholders.
NEUT32|Clearly don't have the same interests as user is Matthew, so is there, you know a scenario in which the stock price recovers or comes into line and even with users abandoning Facebook, yeah well, you know, I think the most recent interim trading update we got from Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg was pretty open that you know the company is at something of a crossroads and they need quite fundamentally shift their strategy to improve momentum in the business.
NEUT33|And that was kind of across a number of areas.
NEUT34|They're really pushing stories.
NEUT35|They're pushing video.
BULL36|They're very happy with how the Facebook watch platform is developing and developing communities, so I think you know, really, 2019 is a critical year for Facebook to demonstrate that these new initiatives are going to start to deliver fresh momentum in the core Facebook platform.
BULL37|And if they can do that, then I think you'll start to see investors come back.
BULL38|I mean that the earnings multiple is not especially demanding, so if they can start to see some frumentum from those new initiatives.
BULL39|"You should get recognition from shareholders from that."""
