NEUT0|"""What's up subscribers?"
NEUT1|In this video we have some big news about Sundial growers ticker SMDL that we need to talk about.
NEUT2|But first before we get started, if you haven't already, be sure to subscribe so that you can be entered into the 1000 subscriber giveaway and be sure to check out the links in the description to get your free shares of stock from Robin Hood and Weibel.
NEUT3|If you have it already now, with all of that being said, let's jump into it since the last time that I talked about sundial growers on this channel.
BULL4|We have seen some major news come out about the company.
BULL5|Just on Friday we saw this story break that sondow growers has received approval to list its common shares on the NASDAQ, as well as being granted an additional 180 day compliance.
NEUT6|In this article it stated that Sundial Growers announced that it has received approval to transfer the listing of its common shares to the NASDAQ.
NEUT7|The company had sought the transfer to take advantage of the additional 100.
NEUT8|80 Calendar Day Compliance.
BULL9|Offered on the NASDAQ which will extend the period that the company has to regain compliance with Nasdaq's minimum bid price requirement.
BEAR10|The transfer is expected to become effective on December 15th as previously reported, the company was notified by NASDAQ on May 12th of 2020 that the bid price for its common shares was not in compliance with the NASDAQ.
NEUT11|Minimum bid price requirement at that time, the company had until December 28th to regain compliance.
BULL12|The anticipated extension will allow the company to regain compliance if for a minimum of ten consecutive business days before June 26th of 2021, the bid price for the company's common shares closes at or above $1.00 per share.
BULL13|Sundial intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common shares and has given written assurance to NASDAQ that it will, if necessary, implement available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, including a reverse stock split.
NEUT14|For those of you who may not be familiar with it, a reverse stock split will consolidate the number of existing shares into fewer proportionally more valuable shares.
BEAR15|This will overall reduce the total number of outstanding shares available on the open market, and sometimes is looked at as a sign that a company is in distress.
BEAR16|Taking a look at the recent five day chart for SN DL, we can see that the share price had been in a downtrend, falling below its $0.60 support, but we can see that on Friday as this news broke, SMDL started another.
BULL17|Uptrend and I believe that we can see it exceed the 60 cent mark in the near future.
BULL18|This news coming out has quieted the fears about SMDL potentially being delisted from the NASDAQ and on the tailwinds of the recently passed more act and the upcoming transition of power in the executive branch here in the United States.
BULL19|I believe that SMDL does have a lot more room to run ahead of it.
NEUT20|What are your thoughts about SND L?
NEUT21|Be sure to comment down below and let me know what you think.
NEUT22|As a reminder, this video is for entertainment purposes only.
NEUT23|IAM not a certified financial planner.
NEUT24|I'm a resident physician with an interest in personal finance.
NEUT25|Is an investing please make sure you're doing your own research before you make any financial decisions.
NEUT26|If you haven't already, be sure to check out this video about how to participate in our 1000 subscriber giveaway, and please be sure to smash that like button and click on the subscribe button for the YouTube algorithm.
NEUT27|And to help support my channel.
BULL28|Thanks everyone.
BULL29|"Have a great day."""
