NEUT0|"""The US Federal Reserve hasn't raised interest rates in close to a decade, so does another month or two, or even three really matter?"
NEUT1|Well, on Friday, global markets are saying it does.
BEAR2|Stocks are lower across the board and the US dollar is weaker.
BEAR3|Two investors are attributing the glum mood to comments from Janet Yellen about the state of the global economy and the possible impact of recent market turmoil on the USA.
BULL4|Rate increase would have signaled the beginning of a gradual return to normal after years.
NEUT5|Of rock bottom interest rates, many had wanted a first hike to be over and done with.
BEAR6|But while the domestic economy seems strong enough to justify a rate hike, international factors are still a major thorn in the Fed side.
BULL7|When you look at the domestic economy in the US, it's strong.
BULL8|It's robust.
NEUT9|Defede alluded to that in its statement.
NEUT10|But when you look internationally, that's where the issues are, and there's really two issues there.
NEUT11|The first is the impact of a strong dollar, which has reduced inflation expectations and then also there's just a lot of volatility.
BEAR12|From emerging markets, the fact that the Fed is also decide to keep rates on hold while on the one hand it alleviates some pressure on financial markets allows the dollar to weaken, which could help some of these emerging economies.
NEUT13|On the other hand, it corroborates the idea that growth is not coming through as people were expecting and and again that is that is really what the markets coping with.
NEUT14|Right now.
BEAR15|Some analysts say that considering the tone of Miss Yellen's comments, an ongoing concerns, particularly centered around China.
NEUT16|We might even have to wait until next year or at least December until we see a first move.
NEUT17|October looks ambitious given where we are now, but certainly, as Janet Yellen said, every meeting is a live meeting, so it's a case of watching the data being very data dependent.
BULL18|"But December probably looks a little more likely as things stand now, whenever the first lift off points, it seems likely that uncertainty is set to last and markets should brace for more bumps."""
