NEUT0|"""Is there any reason to think that the succession means any changes to the company's overall view that were eventually headed into a smokeless world?"
NEUT1|No, not at all.
NEUT2|I think a vision of the company that we want to leave the smoking well behind us for the benefit of the company, stakeholders, smokers, SOC's, large stage door.
NEUT3|I mean I've been working with Andrea: Sepolos since the beginning of this transformation's hand in hand.
NEUT4|I mean we share the same vision as we develop, design the strategies and I'm very glad that he will retain within a Philip Morris family as executive Chairman does of May and support of the board is very important and we just go as always full streaming to.
NEUT5|As I said earlier, leave the smoking behind us.
NEUT6|Solve the problem of smoking once and forever and for good.
NEUT7|I'm curious to know how you see policy incentives moving that along, accelerating the change in consumer behavior, and I'm also curious to know what this latest FDA approval means for ikos.
NEUT8|While FDA approval for a course at the buffet at modified risk tobacco product authorizations Ahnapee MTA, which is just a technical term for the one of the version of icons, are very important is the testimony that science the evidence which would have provided behind the device behind the system is meeting the FDA standards.
NEUT9|These are the higher standards which you can see on any international markets.
BULL10|So we're very proud of the efforts which will have taking for so many years.
NEUT11|Bringing the fruits that the regulator is confortable and authorizing alcohols from the perspective of promoting the public health.
NEUT12|I think it's it's for us.
BULL13|I mean, it's very encouraging that we're making that progress.
NEUT14|Obviously, the regulations in a different markers are a different level.
NEUT15|The way we see this whole thing that you know, consumer smokers, adult smokers, they will have to have an access to information about the product.
NEUT16|So there is obviously regulatory space when regulators can create that space that people have an access to information they need to have an access to the product.
NEUT17|And obviously as many and many governments in many countries recognize, there's also the question from economic Accessibility of the product.
NEUT18|I mean, we talked quite a lot of effort that our systems are sold at their fordable prices, but obviously this product you manage your is diction's is enjoying a lower taxation than the regular cigarettes, which I think makes perfect sense.
NEUT19|Perfect logic because the better product should enjoy the lower tax burden than the product which is, you know more definitely more harmful like cigarettes.
NEUT20|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT21|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
