BULL0|"""In the past two months, U.S. Treasury yields have advanced quite considerably."
BULL1|Part of this as a result of rising inflation expectations, which have rebounded towards more average historical levels.
BEAR2|Part of it is also a rise in real yields of about 50 basis points, but at a deeper level there's perhaps one other reason that could potentially be overlooked, and that is the mismatch between U.S. Treasury issuance on the one hand and the size of the feds.
NEUT3|Buying program on the other.
NEUT4|Now back in 2020 there was no mismatch last year.
BULL5|the US federal government running budget deficit of 15% of gross domestic product and the US Federal Reserve expanded its balance sheet by 16% of gross domestic product.
NEUT6|So, roughly speaking, the Federal Reserve bought all of the additional Treasury debt that was being issued in 2020.
NEUT7|And of course the reality is a little more complex because the Fed was also buying municipal bonds, corporate bonds, and mortgage bonds.
NEUT8|But nevertheless, by and large they match the size of U.S. Treasury issuance 2021 is a different story so far this year.
BULL9|the Fed has been expanding its balance sheet at a pace of $40 billion per month, which equates to half a trillion dollars per year or two and a half percent of GDP.
BEAR10|Now 2 1/2 percent of GDP might sound like a lot, but so far this year the US budget deficit has been running a rate of 17% of gross domestic product.
NEUT11|So in other words, instead of buying.
BEAR12|All of the new Treasury debt roughly equivalent, like it did in 2020 so far this year, the Federal Reserve has been buying roughly only one seventh of what the Treasury has been issuing, and is mismatch between the supply of Treasuries under one hand, and defends buying program on the other might explain, in part, why long term interest rates have been rising, and herein lies the dilemma for the Fed going forward as the US economy begins to recover, hopefully from the pandemic, the Federal Reserve might find itself in a position where it is tempted to further curtail its asset purchases.
BEAR13|Like it did in 2013 and 2014, at the risk of causing bond yields to rise yet further.
BEAR14|On the other hand, rising bond yields could eventually provoking sharp correction in the equity market, which could run the risk of damaging consumer and business confidence if that were to occur with the Federal Reserve, then find itself in a position where it needed to further accelerate its pace of asset purchases rather than curtailing them.
NEUT15|In any case, this dynamic between the size of Treasury issuance, the pace of fed buying.
NEUT16|The valuation of equity markets and the level of long term interest rates and the feedback loops there in could be a driver of investment returns going forward.
NEUT17|"I'm Erik Norland, senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
