BEAR0|"""Is the stock market going to crash?"
NEUT1|Is this little bit of wavering that we've seen in the last few weeks the start of a much bigger move?
NEUT2|Matthew, The Economist, recently said you know what stocks are overvalued.
NEUT3|We're going to see him come down.
NEUT4|So is this the start of that?
NEUT5|I think one of the things I've learned over the years, The Economist, is though we're often right in our call.
NEUT6|It takes a long time for the call actually affect what actually goes on the market, so I don't know whether what's happening now is the start of that correction.
NEUT7|But the underlying message is that I think.
NEUT8|Stocks look very expensive by all the sort of rules that historically we've used to judge them.
NEUT9|And you know, I've written about a lot of bubbles over the years, and I've been, I think, right in the end.
NEUT10|The reason we wrote the road from Ruin was we want to learn from all these bubbles that do happen and we did have a lot of I had a lot of experience.
NEUT11|I remember back in the late 1990s when people were saying the Dow should be at 36,000 and The Economist was, you know, wrong to say there was a bubble then and I think what's happened now is that you've had.
BULL12|You know the inevitable rebound from the credit crunch effects on the market, and that's been good that there should have been a bounce back in the stock market, but fundamentally, you know that there's a lot of liquidity came into the system and I think people have just rode them and then rode the momentum.
BULL13|And that's LED us to a point where the share prices do that very high at the moment.
NEUT14|So if the Economist and you are right about this, what are we looking at?
BEAR15|We're looking at a garden Variety 10 to 20% pullback.
BEAR16|We looking at a catastrophic collapse to new lows.
NEUT17|I mean, I think the.
BEAR18|There's any reason why it should go anywhere near where the lowest we're in this crisis, because that was due to a lot of very artificial forces affecting the market due to the crisis and the way that everyone panicked.
NEUT19|So you know, I don't think we're going to look at that kind of return to where we were, but I think we are.
NEUT20|You know we're going to see things just be very flat and do go nowhere for several years.
NEUT21|Or we're going to see a correction that.
NEUT22|You know gets you back to position, which does make more sense.
NEUT23|It often though, it seems that the market tends to sort of fade out and go plateau, especially after bubbles like yes.
NEUT24|Certainly if you look in nineteen 7374, it's exactly what we saw exactly.
NEUT25|Japan has been Japan Classicly so so I wake up this morning and I see Goldman Sachs kindly telling me not to worry about stock prices, because in fact they're cheap because interest rates are low and it's only 18 times forward operating earnings.
NEUT26|While I have you concluded that stocks are expensive, I think one of the fundamental.
NEUT27|Worries that we have is that.
NEUT28|So much that's going on in the capital markets at the moment is the result of this attempt to a successful attempt to stop the financial markets collapsing completely in the aftermath of the failure of Lehman Brothers?
NEUT29|So governments around the world have pumped so much money into the system to support the banks that they can't keep on pumping in, and so at some point something's gotta give and a lot of that money was supposed to go to actually ultimately benefit the real economy through lending.
NEUT30|But in fact have ended up.
BEAR31|"Going into speculation, particular commodities will also stop prices and governments are running out of capacity to borrow and pump money into the financial system, and so at some point the money is going to have to come out of the system again, and that fundamentally is when we think the bubble will burst."""
