NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions."
NEUT1|January 1st.
NEUT2|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, a huge catalyst for NIO stock.
NEUT3|Alright, let's get started.
BULL4|Chinese and European Union leaders agreed on a treaty that would make it easier for companies in each country to operate on each other's territory.
NEUT5|This means that consumers in Europe can order large products from automobile companies like NIO without restriction.
NEUT6|This is a huge catalyst for NIO and its stock.
BULL7|Since this year Europe is set to lessen their dependence on fossil fuel vehicles and depends solely on electric power vehicles.
NEUT8|Analysts estimate NIO will take over 15 to 35% of Europe's EV market in the next five years.
NEUT9|The European Union seeks to have at least 30 million electric vehicles on European roads by the end of the decade.
NEUT10|Europe's green plan would force automakers to produce eco friendly cars or shut down.
NEUT11|Europe's goal is ambitious considering that there are already 1.2 million electric cars being driven in Europe.
BULL12|Now, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany has prioritized this agreement because of its importance to collaborate with China's automakers in the future.
BULL13|This year, China beat out the United States as the European Union's largest trading partner with €480 billion in a two way trade deal through October.
BULL14|Now that this agreement is intact, both countries can operate through joint ventures with Chinese partners and share sensitive technology.
NEUT15|According to Hildegard Mueller, the president of the German Association of the Auto Industry.
BULL16|This agreement will provide new impetus for a global rules based framework for trade and investment.
NEUT17|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT18|If you haven't subscribed yet.
NEUT19|Make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT20|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL21|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT22|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT23|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
