NEUT0|"""Peter buried in your good research note is a real thought for next year."
NEUT1|And of course this was driven forward by a member of the Bank of England in the recent days, which is likelihood, probability, or the courage.
BEAR2|The fear of negative rates in in 2021.
NEUT3|Is it actually feasable for the United States of the United Kingdom where it remains untouched?
NEUT4|So I would definitely thank you for the question.
NEUT5|I think it's brilliant question, but I would definitely separate the two jurisdictions that you just mentioned because I think the structure, particularly the money markets or financial industry in general in the US is very different to how it is on the continent and of Europe and also in the UK.
NEUT6|So for the USI don't think that this is going to be a live debate anytime soon, but for the UK is very different and we know that out of the 9 Member strong NPC there's three that have publicly come out and have said they.
NEUT7|No, they haven't said they would vote for it, but they have said they are in general supportive of the idea.
NEUT8|We know there's a few others and we get to hear from two of them today that's sitting a bit more on defense, but we definitely as a house we we think that negative rates will be implemented in 2021 in the UK.
NEUT9|Does the United Kingdom have a money market fund or money market portfolio structure that can withstand that call?
NEUT10|Well, in contrast to the US, it's much much more bank based, so it's much more.
NEUT11|It looks much more like the continent of Europe, where the vast majority of term deposits and overnight deposits, particularly by retail accounts, are being held in banks rather than in money market instruments.
NEUT12|So therefore I think what you do with that you have forced some of the costs onto the financial system, and the idea is that it can bear it, whereas in an institutional setup where you have money market funds, the risk is that monies our funds are being withdrawn very quickly and then the system comes crumbling down.
NEUT13|So that problem doesn't really exist either on the continent of Europe, and we've seen that or in the UK.
BEAR14|So Peter, you think that we will see negative interest rates in the UK?
NEUT15|What is it that will dictate that easy?
NEUT16|It's the difference between deal or no deal?
NEUT17|Or is the Delta the gap between the two not big enough to to make that the the definitive factor?
NEUT18|Now for a start, I think it's definitely part of the equation, but it's not the only one.
BEAR19|I mean, when you look at sort of the performance of basically all of the economies in Europe currently, they're not doing too well in the UK is no exception here, particularly as I said earlier, we think that the labor market backdrop doesn't look that great, and the follow on scheme we think is falling short of supporting consumption going forward.
NEUT20|So we reckon that even without sort of the the whole Brexit, putting into put into the equation.
BEAR21|Are we going to struggle anyway with relatively high unemployment and the bank will look to do something to stimulate the economy.
NEUT22|But when you then throw Brexit into the mix and again, as I said on your radio show earlier I I, I don't think that the situation that we have is that even if you get some kind of a deal done at the end of the day is not really going to be that all encompassing deal that we were looking for 12 or 18 months ago.
NEUT23|So it's not going to be tariff free access to the European market and so on and so on.
NEUT24|So then will be a good part of.
BEAR25|Downward pressure on the economy stemming from Brexit.
NEUT26|On top of that.
BULL27|So therefore we think if you take this all together, the bank will look to stimulate the economy further.
NEUT28|"We reckon they will do QE first in the upcoming meeting in November, but then going into next year we reckon negative rates will be."""
