BULL0|"""Let me just ask you about Tesla because they had their earnings last night."
NEUT1|They beat, you know, the the Bears would say they beat because they sold these tax credits and how.
NEUT2|How long are these these credits are going to be?
NEUT3|You know a sustainable business model.
NEUT4|What do you say you bought you bought into Tesla Button to the debt along time ago?
NEUT5|I think this is a really important example of a much bigger trend that's happening in the stock market, which is that retail investors now.
BULL6|Had access to so much information that it's almost on parity with people that work in traditional investment organizations and what we've seen is that's happened is that the quality of that analysis and the ability to see around the corner is as good and in many cases better than traditional investment firms in the way they view the problem.
BEAR7|So from day one you have had this massive tension between the Bulls and the Bears on this company, and the Bulls basically saw a long term trend around electrification.
NEUT8|And the Bears tried to play with balance sheet mathematics.
NEUT9|Of course, if I said you can sell 90,000 cars, but then if you negative sell 100,000, you've not sold 10,000 and you would say what does any of this mean?
NEUT10|You can use any convoluted logic to try to be short this stock and what you would have done is just lost an enormous amount of money.
NEUT11|And So what we're going to see now is that the stock is going to become part of the S&P 500.
NEUT12|It is the leading edge when it comes to electrification and decarbonization.
NEUT13|And here's the thing, Andrew, what the?
NEUT14|Schools will get right.
NEUT15|And what the Bears will ignore from here is that this is no longer about cars.
BULL16|But that's the first wave of growth, and I think people are pricing in in evisceration of traditional autos.
BULL17|And an enormous shift to EVs, of which Tesla will get the disproportionate share.
NEUT18|So now, what is the bet if you ask me?
NEUT19|As an investor who loves that company?
NEUT20|It was in Page four or five of their quarterly earnings release, where they talk about the energy business.
NEUT21|And they said a couple of interesting things.
NEUT22|The first is that it was profitable.
NEUT23|And the second is that they're also producing software now that allows affectively anybody to become a distributed utility.
NEUT24|Now think about for a second you were talking about one of the most predictable, reasonable businesses that have raised hundreds of billions and trillions of dollars of debt.
NEUT25|And what Tesla is going to do with their battery packs in their software is all of a sudden allow each of us to be in the energy business as well.
BEAR26|Again, people will get angry they will not understand they will try to push back and they will be wrong.
NEUT27|And what's going to happen is that this stock is now going to represent.
NEUT28|Fatality around decarbonization and sustainability.
NEUT29|So it was really great to own this thing around cars for the first four years I did it.
NEUT30|"I made a lot of money, but now I underwrite this company as a bet towards decarbonization towards deregulated energy and towards the ability for all of us to become our little micro utilities."""
