NEUT0|"""So where do you see prices in the short term going so it's very difficult to tell?"
BEAR1|Initially I thought towards end of the year they were always run up.
NEUT2|You could see that last year you could see that a year ago and a lot of people predicted that it would go back again later this year starting from November and December.
NEUT3|Obviously November came in passing.
BEAR4|It was one of the worst month for Bitcoin and December.
NEUT5|Right now there's nothing new.
NEUT6|There's no catalyst that will potentially shoot it up, so I will look at it.
NEUT7|Kind of flat.
NEUT8|And then starting from New year.
BULL9|That's when I think with the new sentiment and momentum will come.
NEUT10|So what is going to be the catalyst in 2019?
NEUT11|Because in 2018 you had a number of high profile hacks here in Japan, especially coin check in earlier this year you had exposed Ponzi scheme and a number of different issues and potentially new regulation coming down the Pike.
NEUT12|Yeah, so one thing in Japan is that Japanese regulators are starting to open up again, so they're starting to approve new exchanges.
NEUT13|They are also going to approve new listing.
NEUT14|All of these things will start from the new year now, but also the FSA recently gave oversight and regulatory oversight to the operators themselves.
NEUT15|Yeah, how is that going to change the industry?
BULL16|Yeah, so almost every exchange registered and licensed in Japan received an improvement order from governance, compliance, security, customer asset segregation.
BULL17|These are all to protect the end retail consumer and all of the exchanges are almost complete with their improvement order.
NEUT18|So starting new ear is going to be a new beginning now.
NEUT19|OK, the argument.
NEUT20|So this is the kind of news that we need to hear.
NEUT21|Obviously there needs to be plenty of regulation to the crypto markets and the best way for regulations to be passes with time and experience.
BULL22|And once this all does get sorted out, I do see the use case for crypto increasing and then we can go back to the all time highs but.
NEUT23|Until then, it is going to be a waiting period, and I do feel like as this bottom.
NEUT24|"Happens or occurs that there's going to be a great opportunity to buy cryptos that I discount, and then it's very interesting to see what will spur the growth, but I still think that the main number one factor will be institutional money, and I do see institutional adoption happening, if not by the end of the year 2019, and that should help bring up crypto prices, but let me know what you guys think and I will talk to you soon."""
