BULL0|"""So I guess it was a good year for big coin and still up alot from its lows."
NEUT1|But Civic aside 2019, what do you think is the key thing that you're most excited or looking forward to in 2020?
NEUT2|So for 2020 I'd say the main thing that I'm excited about is to see this kind of vertical construction error play out over the past few years, we've really had something that's dominated by what I'd called the ICO and horizontal competition era, which was, hey, people finally acknowledging that these open public, permissionless blockchains are really the real driver of innovation here.
NEUT3|It's not these private enterprise blockchains that people toyed with some kind of 2014 to 2016 and so blockchain, not Bitcoin, is officially dead.
NEUT4|That one is officially dead and then people said OK, I recognize the power of these open public permissionless networks.
NEUT5|And they started to launch new ones.
NEUT6|They said, hey OK.
NEUT7|If Bitcoin was the 1.0, let's go ahead and launch 3.0 and 4.0 areas now.
NEUT8|A lot of those blockchains have started to hit the market, and they're not attracting a lot of developer attention.
NEUT9|So I think investor and developer momentum is really shifted back towards hey, let's build on the things that are working.
NEUT10|So let's go build on top of Bitcoin.
NEUT11|Let's go build on top of Ethereum and I think as people build up the stack of those protocols, we're going to see more and more useful applications and services that are built on top of them.
BULL12|And that's what I'm excited about looking forward.
NEUT13|OK, so does an example of that vertical construction.
NEUT14|Does that include something like Libra, which so far hasn't really gotten off the ground?
NEUT15|It hasn't even gotten past the hearings in on Capitol Hill.
NEUT16|So you know it remains to be seen exactly what form Libre will take when it launches, but I'd qualify that more in the horizontal competition era.
NEUT17|Now if there's anybody that's going to go and compete horizontally versus the chains that already exist, you know it's somebody like Facebook, so we'll see jury still out on that one.
NEUT18|But I would not say it falls in kind of vertical construction camp.
NEUT19|Spencer key question.
BEAR20|In May of 2020, the block reward for minors is going to get cut in half, and some people think that the diminished pace of new Bitcoin issuance mintage is going to lead to a big surge in price and others say it's priced in because everybody has known it since the day that Bitcoin was created.
NEUT21|Which side are you on?
NEUT22|I guess I'm somewhere in between look, it's absolutely priced in in the truest sense of there are no risk free returns to be had here.
NEUT23|So in that sense, 100% priced in, you know, will price rise around the time of the halving.
NEUT24|That's a little bit of a more nuanced question, so I think there's two kind of really important factors to consider here.
NEUT25|One is that having kind of represents this Schelling point, right?
NEUT26|And natural point of convergence for capital that's on the sidelines and is interested in an allocation towards Bitcoin, so you know there is a significant sum of capital that's.
NEUT27|In that kind of position today and a couple of data points there are, you know, we run a survey about every 18 months.
NEUT28|Surveys more than 2000 American adults.
NEUT29|One of the things that we ask is, you know, kind of questioning their conviction in the future of Bitcoin.
NEUT30|So we ask them, to what extent do you agree or disagree with the statement that most people so more than 50% will be using Bitcoin within the next 10 years?
NEUT31|And what we see is that in spring of 2019 we ask this 33% of people and 48% of those aged 18 to 34.
NEUT32|Said that, they strongly or somewhat agree with that statement, so there's a lot of conviction there.
NEUT33|And then we also also ask them about their propensity to purchase.
NEUT34|So how likely are to buy Bitcoin in the next five years?
NEUT35|And I think 27% of all respondents in 33% of those aged 18 to 34 said they were very or somewhat likely to buy in the next five years.
NEUT36|The point being that there's capital on the sidelines.
NEUT37|People are relatively indifferent of do I purchase today or tomorrow, but all of a sudden when people start talking about the having in this reduction in new issuance rate, it drives.
NEUT38|More purchasing and also this really importantly, this reflexive kind of feedback loop.
NEUT39|"That's that really drives the Bitcoin market, where rising price drives more infrastructure, more on ramps, more computing power, securing the network, better liquidity, all of which kind of feeds into a rising price."""
