NEUT0|"""Welcome back to another video today."
NEUT1|I'm going to be taking a look at CCB, which is nervous against tether US based on finance crisis and just do some technical analysis.
NEUT2|So this is an update video that I made from a couple of days back.
NEUT3|I think right around this red candle here.
NEUT4|So the level that we had outlined was about that 3.3 cent level and we had said a break below that probably send this one to about three cents again, so that's exactly what happened when it started to pull back.
NEUT5|It literally hit exactly on this resistance or this support level.
NEUT6|Bounce back through this 3.3 cent range and then use it as support again on this candle.
NEUT7|So like I always say prior support a prior resistance becomes new support and then prior support becomes resistance.
NEUT8|So at this point, what we're looking at here is I want to see on the daily chart now a break in hold of about that 3.67 to really 3.7 cent level and start to push back up to highs.
NEUT9|I think if that level breaks the 3.8 cent level is the spot to watch, and then if that level breaks that like 4.2 cent range would really send this one into full on bullish mode.
NEUT10|But after such a big move a little bit of sideways isn't that big of a deal if it just kind of goes sideways here and then starts to curl back up.
NEUT11|That would be like the ideal situation.
NEUT12|It doesn't have to just go vertical on one candle.
NEUT13|This one might still be a couple days away, and that was kind of what I was talking about on this red candle was that you might need to expect a little more pull back.
NEUT14|A little bit of sideways before curling back up for another leg up.
NEUT15|So that's what I'd be looking for at this point.
BEAR16|Again, the resistor the support levels remain the same, breaking close below that, 0.3363 point 3 cent level sends us down to three cents.
BEAR17|Lose that we're getting like that.
NEUT18|.02 sevens like 2.7 ish sense range to be like the next logical level in my opinion and then this chart really wouldn't look as interesting to me, so these are kind of just what I want to see.
NEUT19|Is this level this 3.3 now to hold start to go sideways and curl back up?
NEUT20|That's the ideal situation for me.
NEUT21|Obviously there could just be one straight green candle that wipes everything out and just goes vertically up.
NEUT22|But like I like to be a little bit more logical and like outline what you could potentially expect.
NEUT23|Obviously if you're holding this one and that happens, and that's great, but I would like to see some sideways and curl back up.
BEAR24|This chart still has a nice look to it so long as it doesn't lose all of its support levels.
NEUT25|So, as always, if I provide any value to you, go ahead and like, comment, subscribe and share and a. I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT26|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT27|If you're going to do any investing, speak to a certified financial advisor.
BULL28|"Thank you for watching."""
