BULL0|"""About 11 million deaths a year can be blamed on dietry factors, but developments in artificial intelligence for food production could alleviate the problem and make the food sector more sustainable."
NEUT1|Brightseat, a San Francisco company, uses AI to discover new nutritional compounds within plants that offer health benefits to both humans and animals.
NEUT2|Less than 1% of these compounds are currently known so far, the company has raised over $50 million in funding in Canada.
NEUT3|Startup Soma detect uses optical sensors and deep learning algorithms to provide dairy farmers with real time information about her health and milk quality.
BULL4|The company believes that increased milk production per cow, thanks to better management will lead to lower greenhouse gas emissions since fewer cows will be needed.
BULL5|The coronavirus pandemic and a shortage of agricultural workers have led to a spike and investment in farm robotics and automation to improve efficiency and reduce wastage.
NEUT6|California is abundant.
NEUT7|Robotics has created a robot that can scan apples and use deep learning to determine when they're ripe for picking a robotic arm with a vacuum, then ***** the apples off the tree.
NEUT8|Last October, Swiss company fermentation collaboration with Microsoft created the first ever.
NEUT9|AI generated flavor and lightly grilled beef taste for use in plant based meat alternatives.
NEUT10|The AI technology essentially looks for the most promising taste combinations through its database.
BULL11|As the product becomes more sophisticated, the company says it will be able to better enhance flavors as well as optimize raw material usage, producing less waste.
NEUT12|Food sorting technologies are also embracing AI.
NEUT13|Belgium's tammra food combines sensors with machine learning and big data analysis to analyze harvested foods and sort them based on their best final use.
NEUT14|Again, the idea is to reduce waste and maximize output.
BULL15|"The cost of implementing and maintaining AI can be high, which may limit the opportunities for smaller businesses, and in farming the variety of ecosystems and patchy connectivity can also be problematic, but the technology is constantly improving and with it the potential to create a healthier, more sustainable food system."""
