NEUT0|"""Hey guys, welcome to his motivation and today we're going to look at stocks in particular Apple stocks."
NEUT1|We're currently sitting at 140 point 0.8 and this is the daily chart that we currently have on tradingview.com, and as you can see I have noted that we are in a bit of a bullish channel, so this is the channel I've created taking the high from here.
NEUT2|This consolidation here where we tried to breakthrough came back down, tried to breakthrough, came back down, went up, tested it and then made contact.
BEAR3|Significant move down to $91.00 stock.
BULL4|Consolidate around and then we came back down to this channel, which I've done from this low and then we had two really strong significant hits to this chat.
BULL5|Bottom trendline here and now we're making a move considerable move to the upside and we've made fresh highs at 140.88.
NEUT6|Now taking this channel into consideration.
NEUT7|And using it to perform analysis and in the future, what we're going to wait for is a touch of this channel up here.
NEUT8|Or if we move back down and touch it, this channel down here.
NEUT9|So I'd advise you all to keep an eye on this.
NEUT10|These trend lines that I've drawn on the daily charts.
NEUT11|It's more significant on the monthly chart.
NEUT12|Simply just take it down there.
NEUT13|Here we go see if assume out of this one.
NEUT14|Just stretch this across.
NEUT15|And then move it into view.
NEUT16|So there we go, bit more clearly to see on the monthly chart.
BULL17|Really strong trendline here, so we've had it started from there.
NEUT18|We gotta test their highly likely that we'll see another test at some point in the future, and that is where we've taken our long and these top trendline here.
NEUT19|And we hit with this diligere with this pinball candle here, where we touched it came back down, went up, tried to breakthrough, couldn't really sustain any sort of movement to the upside, and then came back down and tested this bottom turn line.
NEUT20|So that's the analysis.
NEUT21|I've got an Apple at this moment in time.
BEAR22|I'm not particularly involved just yet, although I do see it probably making a bit of a move to the downside and within the next week this nice supply area here is completely being decimated, which does suggest that we should come back down and see a bit of a sell at some point soon.
NEUT23|However, keep an eye on these trendline guys, 'cause I think this is where Apple is going to bounce around for quite awhile.
NEUT24|An obviously don't take a trade until you see significant signal to say that we are moving away from that trend line as opposed to just.
NEUT25|Consolidating around it and then making a movie, then move to the to the upside or down to the bottom side.
NEUT26|But yeah, just have a look at those levels.
NEUT27|Guys 'cause I think they're quite significant on Apple at this moment in time and probably into the next couple of years.
NEUT28|And like I said, this is the monthly chart.
NEUT29|So we are looking at quite significantly long time frame, but I would be holding off doing anything with Apple until we touch this trend line here or this trend line here.
NEUT30|Alright guys, so that's Apple if you want to have a subscribe to my channel, I do environmentally trade defiance markets.
NEUT31|However I do like to announce I analyze stocks as well.
NEUT32|If you got any stocks that you want to take a look at, please leave them in comments.
NEUT33|"Please subscribe as I update videos twice Weekly and best of luck in the market guys Alright Now bye for now."""
