NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this weird video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Did this analysis on Wednesday, so that is where all the red and green line annotations were coming from.
NEUT5|An in all actuality, with one one minor adjustment, everything still perfectly pertains to the current setup.
NEUT6|Right now the one adjustment, and it's definitely a bullish adjustment and the reason it's a bullish adjustment is what I'm going to do.
NEUT7|Here is just this area of resistance now up to that area right there at 1:20 fifty and whenever levels of resistance need to be, quote unquote, adjusted in the upward direction, that is a good step in the right direction.
NEUT8|Now that, of course, doesn't guarantee anything.
NEUT9|But whenever you know that occurs.
NEUT10|Certainly a situation where that implies that there's been some higher highs that have been put into play and from again again the bullish side of things.
NEUT11|That's exactly what you want to see happen.
NEUT12|So as far as that really being the only new level to keep in mind is 120.
NEUT13|Fifty as that first initial area of resistance.
NEUT14|If the price can then push up through their next level to watch would be the highs from back here which I've talked about in previous videos.
BEAR15|But those levels are valid right around the one 2160 ish area give or take, so those are now going to be the main areas of resistance.
NEUT16|Resistance and then as far as supports are concerned, not an update confirmation would definitely be an accurate word, but talked about that green line right here at one 1850 and you can see we got confirmation of it this afternoon.
BULL17|The price pulled back but surprise Surprise did a great job of holding right above that area.
BULL18|So good to see that area act as the near term area of support.
NEUT19|Now in the event one 1850 is broken.
NEUT20|That doesn't mean the entire charts epically destroyed or anything like that, but the next level of support you would want to pay attention to is that secondary green line down here right around one 1725.
NEUT21|So All in all, pretty straightforward right now.
BEAR22|The levels that I talked about in previous videos are all still pertaining minus that one little adjustment there.
NEUT23|But like I said, that adjustment was definitely in the bullish favor and bullish direction, so it'll be interesting to see how Apple closes out the week on Friday 1st off.
BULL24|Thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT25|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT26|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss.
BULL27|Including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT28|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT29|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it.
NEUT33|Sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT35|That is again totally live.
NEUT36|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions.
NEUT39|"Let me know if not I'll be seeing you soon."""
