NEUT0|"""What's up guys?"
BULL1|In this video I'm going to give you a breakout stock that you can buy right now with great risk reward and that is Micron technology, which is a semiconductors company that's done exceptionally well in 2020, and I think their run is going to continue.
BULL2|So as we can see by the end of the year, it hit an all time high and that's a breakout right there.
NEUT3|But it's not just a breaker.
NEUT4|You saw that for a few days.
NEUT5|It was in this range that was consolidating and now it's ready to move forward.
NEUT6|So tomorrow when the market opens, give the 1st 30 to 45 minutes, see how the stock does and then I would recommend buying this stock at whatever the market prices.
NEUT7|If it's around 75, perfect by it and you can put a stop loss at safely, I would say at about 66.7 or even like put it down to 65 you know and I think that this is a stock that you can hold on for the next few months.
NEUT8|Now if you want to buy an option on this dog.
NEUT9|Because the price is 75, I have different strategy of trading options.
NEUT10|I personally don't trade options, but this is a strategy that I've seen work because it's a long term plan, not going for any of the weeklies that stuff is just pure garbage, so I go for something long term.
NEUT11|Something called leaps.
NEUT12|That means you're looking at the next four to six months of investing in stocks option, and since I'm anticipating that this talk is going to be up in the next 46 months, I'm going to look at let's just say that April 21.
NEUT13|16 April call option and these are the calls right here and then I would look at one that is in the money.
NEUT14|So the price right now is 75.
NEUT15|So I would be looking at something between 70 to 65, right?
NEUT16|So let's just say I'm interested in buying the 65 one.
NEUT17|So I'm going to buy the 65 call option and I'm just going to hold onto it and one of the reasons is why I also look at the Delta when the Delta is 0.75.
BULL18|It's a pretty ideal Delta in my opinion.
BEAR19|Because that means that even if the stock price goes down, in most cases, options lose their value much more quickly than stocks do.
NEUT20|But with the Delta being 7.75.
BEAR21|The decrease in your option values, not a lot, and if you've already put in your stop loss in place, then you know once the price hits 66 or 65 you can sell this and you would have you wouldn't have lost a lot of money on your option.
NEUT22|So this is a great strategy to consider to do a long term option play and in most instances, especially when you're having a beautiful breakout like Micron technologies happen, having these options and the stock.
BULL23|Tends to do well so hope this helps you guys.
NEUT24|Check us out and keep following us on YouTube Instagram.
NEUT25|Tick Tock and Facebook and let me know if you have any stocks that you want us to look into as well.
BULL26|"Thank you and have a great day."""
