BEAR0|"""So kind of going against the prevailing thought on Amazon."
BEAR1|Basically saying you think that profitability will plummet this year?
BULL2|In other words, that Amazon will continue to help us spend heavily well up and over and above what the street currently things?
NEUT3|What are you seeing right there?
NEUT4|And I guess how much of a jolt would that be to investors?
NEUT5|So Mike, you know.
NEUT6|I've looked at Amazon for many years here.
NEUT7|Amazon is a company that is never shyed away from investment opportunities when they see them.
NEUT8|There is a quote from that.
NEUT9|CFO must have been seven years ago, who said that every once in a while we like to show how profitable we could be and go back into investment mode.
BULL10|They showed that in the first half of 2019 they reached record high profit levels, profit margin levels, and free cash flow levels.
NEUT11|And then they started getting right back into investment mode.
NEUT12|Our guest, the streets.
BULL13|Guess is that margins continue to expand here because of this margin mix positive margin mix.
NEUT14|From cloud computing from advertising, but I wouldn't put it past Amazon to double down on this one day investment initiative.
NEUT15|Double down on these physical store retail experiments like the Amazon Go Store.
BEAR16|And I wouldn't put it past Amazon to double down on their enterprise Salesforce buildout for a WS cloud is the future Amazon cannot afford to lose its leading position in that market.
NEUT17|Yeah, I know on cloud it sounds like they're going to do that.
NEUT18|I want to talk about your Netflix call.
BULL19|I believe you said the the surprise is that sub growth is going to accelerate said that last year and it didn't workout.
NEUT20|But it seems to me that you point out the favorable comp to last year's price increase as one reason and then their investment in original content overseas.
NEUT21|Think something around 130 shows is another reason, but it seems to me.
NEUT22|That, given those two things, it shouldn't be a surprise if if sub growth accelerates, that in fact would be bearish if it didn't.
BEAR23|Yeah, I get the setup, however is clearly negative on Netflix.
BEAR24|The stock is well off its highs, in part because of those very successful launch of Disney, the modestly successful launch of Apple, and the fact that that Netflix missed two quarters in a row.
BEAR25|It's US sub numbers last year the most recent St Call is that Netflix is US Subs who actually declined this year, so I think I think the outlier call here really the surprise call is that their sub growth could accelerate.
BEAR26|I think they actually the stock can outperform.
BULL27|If their sub growth is really in line in 20 versus what it was in 19, I'm just intrigued by the surprise possibility that these easing comps in the US in this international content rollout could actually cause this acceleration that would cause dramatic outperformance in new highs in the stock.
BULL28|"Which is, you know, whatever 3040% higher than here."""
