NEUT0|"""Explain this via video chart on ticker symbol H MBL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL4|Well, another day in another confirmation point that this area right here at $3.80 is indeed a level of resistance.
NEUT5|Now that will mean a little bit more of those that have watched past videos.
NEUT6|I've talked about that many times before, but you can see that this morning the price did gap up and didn't exactly but got within the general vicinity of it before getting rejected back down.
NEUT7|But now this is actually part of a broader pattern, and I should note I'm not trying to come across like this is some sort of great discovery on my part, or that I have some sort of special talent or anything like that.
NEUT8|The exact opposite, I assure you.
NEUT9|People that use charts understand charts have taken notice of this pattern and I.
NEUT10|Say all that because when a lot of people are watching the same thing and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy caught whatever you want, it can definitely produce some very dynamic movements and that's what we have here with this pattern because we have the top of the pad already, the resistance, but at the same time you also have a very nice upwards trend.
NEUT11|That's, uh, you know that's taking place there within that.
NEUT12|So let me change that to the support portion and then we have just what would be known as the pool portion of the pattern and this would be known as a bullpen.
NEUT13|It so for you, golfers out there.
NEUT14|Let me put a hold on there we go.
NEUT15|So you have this Pennant formation in the bullish direction.
NEUT16|Now.
NEUT17|Don't get me wrong, I wish I could say training with this easy.
NEUT18|Just because this is the bullish pattern does not mean that for sure guaranteed the price is going to go upwards.
NEUT19|No such thing as a guarantee, but my point here is, it's a more than valid.
NEUT20|It's a more than rational thought to have that you know, if the price can work its way back up to 380 and get the breakout through there because that's a touch cool pattern breakout.
NEUT21|People would just buy and if people are just buying because well, then that could very well create that much more additional upside.
BEAR22|Buying pressure.
NEUT23|So 380 definitely going to be a very important area for that reason, but moving forward rather the most straightforward way to just summarize this is 30 minute time frame.
NEUT24|A bull Pennant pattern and not just a question of which way does the price ultimately decide to break.
NEUT25|First off thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT27|But it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL28|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but.
BEAR31|In a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT35|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT36|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT38|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT39|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT40|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
