BULL0|"""The market capitalization of all crypto currencies in existence surpassed $2 trillion on April 5th, according to data from going Eco led by the impressive growth of Bitcoin."
BULL1|BTC, ether, EB and other altcoins in 2021, the cryptocurrency market as a whole has become approximately as valuable as Apple II biggest company in the world after Saudi Arabia's oil giant a ramco.
BULL2|The milestone also comes less than three months after the cryptocurrency market surpassed $1 trillion for the first time back on January 7th, when the price of Bitcoin was around $33,000.
BULL3|In recent months several major catalysts have fueled both Bitcoin and ether to rally strongly to new all time highs.
BEAR4|Financial institutions like PayPal and Visa are beginning to actively support cryptocurrencies with Bitcoin, leading the crypto currency markets uptrend in 2021, Bitcoin has faced several short term corrections, but has now consistently remained above $50,000 for almost a month with low volatility compared with altcoins preventing both there than the old coin market from seeing a severe pull back.
BEAR5|In fact, Bitcoin's volatility has dropped to the lowest level since November 2020, as BTC price has been consolidating between $55,000 and $60,000 over the past few days.
NEUT6|In the same.
BULL7|The price of Ed rallied and broke out against Bitcoin, reaching a new record high above $2000.
BULL8|A pseudonymous trader known as Wrecked Capital attributed the strong performance of Ed to bitcoins consolidation under $60,000.
NEUT9|He wrote fund managers and investors in the crypto market are generally optimistic about the short to medium term trajectory of crypto.
BULL10|Currencies Jonathan Habicht, a partner at Moonrock Capital, said as long as the strength of the air BTC pair remains intact and Bitcoin does not see a major sell off the cryptocurrency market.
BULL11|Short term outlook remains highly optimistic for April and into the summer.
NEUT12|On April 2nd.
BULL13|Coin base, the top United States cryptocurrency exchange, announced that the US Securities and Exchange Commission SEC approved its S1 filing.
NEUT14|Coin Base is expected to be listed on the NASDAQ exchange on April 14th.
BULL15|Making it a publicly traded company on the US stock market, the company said the listing of coin base on the US stock market will likely cause the demand for cryptocurrencies to increase because it will attract the eyes of investors in the traditional financial market.
BULL16|Depending on the performance of the stock, it could also lead exchange tokens such as Binance, coin BNB, FT X token, FTT HOBI token, HT sushis wrap, sushi, Eunice Waps Uni and others to rally mirroring the momentum of coin.
BEAR17|"At the same time, some analysts believe that Coinbase is IPO may bring major volatility in, if not downward, price pressure on the cryptocurrency market as the date aligns with the big BTC options expiry date."""
