BEAR0|"""2015 was a tumultuous year for the commodities industry."
BEAR1|We saw the worst price crash in a generation that tested all of the companies in the industry here at the 5th annual FT Commodities Global Summit.
NEUT2|In the Sun, we talked to some of the biggest traders in the commodities industry, asking them to reflect on the year past and also what 2016 might bring for them.
BULL3|Now last year was very good for oil traders.
BEAR4|Most reported bumper profits, but it's 2016 looking tougher for the industry.
NEUT5|We asked the leaders of some of the biggest oil traders in the world about the year ahead.
BEAR6|I think this year is going to be a little bit more difficult.
BEAR7|I think last year there was a clear trend downward trend and the contango were quite deep.
NEUT8|So for those people who move commodities around in old storage, they you know the the contango would pay hefty return on investment.
NEUT9|But traders are committed to storage whether the market is a contango and backwardation, and they have to pay the cost for it.
BEAR10|So my guess is going to be the trend is not going to be as clear as last year and the contango is not going to be steep and therefore it's probably going to be a bit more challenging.
BULL11|I would say that the market is moving slightly towards a better balance but still remains affectively long.
BULL12|Primarily, you know OPEC production remains pretty high.
BEAR13|US production is coming off, but the market in general remains long.
BULL14|The year ahead is to is to focus on ensuring our margins are maintaining our business.
BULL15|They are razor thin and we've got to ensure that they that they are maintained and we can still ensure that we have decent revenues.
NEUT16|We've also got to ensure that we focus on credit.
BEAR17|We have got difficult environment for some of the producers and the general market, so therefore we're focusing very much on.
NEUT18|That, and finally ensuring that we provide the services that are required for our customer bases.
NEUT19|So aligning ourselves with our customers, ensuring we providing the solutions for their business.
NEUT20|So 2016 may not be as good as 2015 for the oil traders, but what about the agricultural side of the business?
NEUT21|2015 was very tough and it doesn't seem as if 2016 is going to be any easier.
BEAR22|There's a glut of oversupply, a lack of volatility, and that's going to mean people are going to have to find ways to cut costs to keep their profitability at levels that they require.
NEUT23|2016 will remain oversupplied, but remember that the way we have a function in the market.
NEUT24|When the markets have volatility, when the buyers need someone to be a buffer in between the seller and themselves, when the seller needs a buffer in terms of when to sell, when to buy between the end buyer and themselves.
NEUT25|2015 was a market without volatility.
BEAR26|2016 is a market that has oversupply.
BULL27|As we've seen in 2015, in some products some of the products are starting to show signs of reactivity to the need to plant more.
NEUT28|I think that we don't have the.
BEAR29|Commodity dislocation that we've seen the last several years.
BEAR30|I think that volatility is is down, so I think that there's going to be some margin compression, as we've seen, as we saw in 15.
NEUT31|Wouldn't surprise me to see that continuing through this year.
NEUT32|But you know, who knows what's going to happen next?
NEUT33|I mean, whether it's a big part of our business, and if we have a drought in one of the major growing regions, and that could change things overnight.
NEUT34|So what have we learned of the last two days at the FT Commodities Global Summit?
BEAR35|Well, having taken the pulse and talk to some of the biggest names in the commodity trading industry, it's pretty clear that 2016 is going to be a challenging year.
NEUT36|But that doesn't mean there won't be opportunities.
BEAR37|That doesn't mean that people can't prosper and have good results, but it's going to be tough.
NEUT38|And it's also going to require new strategies.
NEUT39|Neil Hume.
NEUT40|"For the Financial Times in the sand."""
