NEUT0|"""Explain this video chart on ticker symbol TSLA Tesla."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|While the sellers remain in control of Tesla, now of course when I say that I don't mean from multi month perspective.
NEUT5|I mean from the past several days and the easiest way to see that is just via this red line.
BULL6|Right here, which I think is doing a fantastic job of just illustrating the fact that there's been a couple of solid balance is no doubt about that, but each of these balances now has put in very significant.
NEUT7|You know, lower highs, which is allowed.
NEUT8|You know that red line to be put into place.
NEUT9|So when I say selling pressure and that's the one thing that I love about charts is 'cause I get it.
NEUT10|Just saying selling pressure.
NEUT11|Those are just words, but with charts you can visualize those words.
NEUT12|So selling pressure here is represented and visualized by that downtrend line right there.
NEUT13|So in my opinion at least, the Bears are in full control until the price and the Bulls can prove that.
NEUT14|Prove themselves so how does the price prove itself?
NEUT15|Well, by not only getting back up to that red line there, but more importantly, getting above it and stand above it.
NEUT16|So from a resistant standpoint, that is certainly going to be the main level to watch very closely as far as supports are concerned.
NEUT17|Two main level that I'll be watching moving forward and I think a lot of other traders will be watching that first key level right there at 792.
NEUT18|If 792 cannot hold up then I mean nothing is guaranteed, but I don't think anybody would be shocked is then see the price go down there and at least revisit 788 if not even lower than that.
NEUT19|So there's going to be 2 very highly watched levels and I emphasize highly watched because when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy covered.
NEUT20|If you want you can definitely produce quite a bit of downward selling pressure and that's what a lot of those people are.
NEUT21|That's what a lot of people will be watching out there.
NEUT22|To keep a close eye on those areas, and then again if there is any sort of attempted bonds to the upside that resistance trendline there is going to be the main dynamic.
BULL23|But overall, yeah, things are looking pretty shaky.
NEUT24|Things are still looking pretty bearish here for Tesla, but the week is young, so let's see how things play out.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT27|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL28|So being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT34|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT36|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT39|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
