BEAR0|"""I hope to spend less time exploring."
NEUT1|I think my most important habit would be every single morning I write down my goals for that day and this goes into that need of wanting to make sure that I'm always spending my time wisely and I'm getting out of my time.
NEUT2|What I hope, and you know, there there's been times where I haven't written down my goals and at the end of the day, I feel anxious and I think what did I do today, but actually handwriting them down.
NEUT3|Crossing them out as I go, and usually by two or three o'clock.
NEUT4|It's done and then I feel like I've bonus time, which is kind of nerdy, but to me it's just like one of the most exciting things 'cause it's like OK, do I want to spend it with my team?
NEUT5|Do I want to spend it with my partner?
NEUT6|Do I want to do something fun but I think that's really transformed how we look at my days, how we look at time and how we look at goals and progress.
NEUT7|My message for anyone younger who's in high school or college.
NEUT8|Or maybe they chose not to go to college is go outside the norm.
NEUT9|I remember being in high school and everyone asked you what do you want to be with?
NEUT10|What color would you go to?
NEUT11|It's OK not to go to college, you know now is such an interesting time with all the online free learnings I might add that are available.
NEUT12|I think you can really use this time to scope out what excites you and what can you also make money at doing.
NEUT13|And so really trying to figure out, you know where does that magic meet in the middle and go forth and conquer that and it's OK if every two to three years you change your mind or you learn something new and you explore that, it's not failure, it's pushing me forward.
BEAR14|I have had so many jobs.
NEUT15|I actually think it's part of my magic as I've been exposed to a lot, so growing up in a low income family.
NEUT16|I first started working when I was 14 and I did everything from singing it cold Stone Creamery to being a Starbucks.
NEUT17|Freezer to being a server and a bartender working at a law firm in between.
NEUT18|Once I actually graduated college and started working in, you know, my professional career.
NEUT19|I'd still wore a lot of different hats.
NEUT20|I worked in Congress.
NEUT21|I was a campaign manager for female candidates.
NEUT22|I even sold political advertising for awhile, and I think it's really important when you're young, specially in your 20s to just try to touch as many things as you can and really learn and absorb as a sponge.
NEUT23|Boo, so I just turned 30 so I've been thinking about how to use my 30s a lot lately and I hope to spend less time exploring.
NEUT24|So I had a lot of different jobs for a lot of different hats lived in different cities, moved around the country, and really used my late teens and early 20s to figure out who I am and what I'm good at and what I'm here to do.
NEUT25|I am I on this earth and in the last four years.
NEUT26|"I know exactly what that answer is, and now I want to spend my 30s honing in on that and ensuring that the tool set that I built is being used to fix exactly the problems that I care most about."""
