NEUT0|"""Matt, let's clear this week out here and wrap it all up with one to watch."
NEUT1|And I'm going to let you go ahead and start here.
NEUT2|What you want to watch for the coming week.
NEUT3|Yeah, I'm going to name one of my REITs.
BULL4|I don't personally own this one yet, but it's jumped to the top of my watch list over the past couple months.
BEAR5|Hotel stocks have really gotten beaten down.
NEUT6|Unlike a lot of you know, commercial properties hotels are very recession prone industry and since kind of the whole reason that the markets.
NEUT7|Done what it has is because of fears of a global slowdown or recession.
BEAR8|So hotel stocks have been completely annihilated.
NEUT9|I want to recommend one called Apple Hospitality REIT ticker symbol APL E and they invest in kind of mid market hotels.
NEUT10|Think Homewood Suites Courtyard by Marriott or some of their big brands in their portfolio.
BULL11|And these tend to do really well, not really well, but they tend to hold up better than most during recessions.
BEAR12|They get a lot of the business crowd, which is less sensitive to economic slowdowns, and they also tend to get kind of a trickle down effect when people who would normally go to a higher end hotel need to cut back.
BEAR13|They go to these ones right now, just because of how badly these have been beaten down.
BULL14|This one is yielding 8.2% and it's well covered by the company's earnings, even if it takes a hit that dividends well covered.
NEUT15|So that's one that I am watching right now, and even if it takes a little while for these to recover until we see that until you know the next recession comes and goes, or whatever happens, you're getting paid really, really well to wait.
NEUT16|So that's one that's on the top of my list.
NEUT17|And now that I've realized I have 56% of My Portfolio in recent financials, three think it.
NEUT18|But that's definitely one that I'm really tempted to buy right now.
BULL19|That's good.
NEUT20|I tell you, I'm I'm with you.
NEUT21|I'm going to go a little bit real estate.
NEUT22|Oriented as well and a little bit different than it's, this is partly a tech play for sure.
NEUT23|Is Ellie Mae.
NEUT24|Ticker is ELLI and Ellie Mae is the mortgage software provider we've spoken about before this is, you know this is a really good business that is caught any really tricky time right now in the sentiment for buying homes is low.
BEAR25|Some complaints about inventory being somewhat tight, prices being a little bit tough and interest rates starting to move upward.
NEUT26|In really Ellie Mae is is they count on that volume, either in the form of purchases or refinances, but they are pinned very much to the housing market.
NEUT27|Here an it's the stock has taken a big hit here over the past year because of you know management ratcheting guidance back a little bit based on the housing market and some questionable economic conditions for home buying in the coming quarters I. I think that this is the this is the point in time there where you need to be looking at a business like this.
BULL28|It's a good business, it's profitable, it's got strong cash flow, competent management.
BULL29|And it's trading at around 22 times free cash flow today, which historically is a pretty good deal for what we consider a darn good business in.
NEUT30|I will say I do own shares of Ellie Mae myself and remain a happy shareholder.
NEUT31|I think this is a good opportunity to be looking at this stock if you don't own it because the housing market will come back, you know it's.
NEUT32|It ebbs and flows.
NEUT33|And hey, you know if we have a recession that hits here in the next year or two to I mean you never know if we if we do see something like that, this business could certainly get cheaper.
NEUT34|But but a good business in one.
NEUT35|"I think listeners should keep on their radar."""
