NEUT0|"""It's claimed this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the daily time frame before I go any further.
NEUT2|From disclosure standpoint I do own Apple in my retirement accounts from the long side, so just keep that in mind as I go through the analysis.
NEUT3|Want to get this thing updated here as the price from a technical perspective is now sitting at a very very interesting location and I don't want to come across like this is some sort of great discovery on my part or that I have some sort of special ability.
NEUT4|Know anybody that understands charts uses charts?
NEUT5|You know is taking notice of this and my point here is that there going to be a lot of eyeballs on this area tomorrow, and because there's going to be so many eyeballs, you could totally see self filling prophecy is revolving around it.
NEUT6|So whether or not you believe in charts, think charts work.
NEUT7|You know they do have self fulfilling prophecies, and the level that has a big self filling prophecy around it is, you know, the famous 200 days simple moving average, which on my chart is being to noted there by that pink line and you can see that the price didn't quite hit it today.
NEUT8|But it is sitting very, very closely to it now.
BEAR9|Actually, after hours, right now the prices down below this area.
NEUT10|But there's still all of after hours.
NEUT11|And then there's pre market tomorrow.
NEUT12|So where it actually opens up?
NEUT13|You know your guess is as good as mine.
NEUT14|But the point here is that the price is now sitting at a very very key level of support with lots of eyeballs watching that now in the event the price does not hold above there.
NEUT15|The next.
NEUT16|OK, now I stand corrected.
NEUT17|Now there's it's at a very, very important level from also a previous resistance standpoint.
NEUT18|So in the past you can see this area here did act as resistance Anna foundational rule in charting is that when levels of resistance or broken an closed above you want to see them act as support.
BULL19|So once again, so far so good.
NEUT20|But I guess that's what I get for doing this.
NEUT21|Videos off the cuff.
NEUT22|I did not realize that, so it's kind of like a double whammy of support.
NEUT23|Now in the sense of this is certainly a very very key area that the price is looking like it's going to battle with.
BEAR24|Tomorrow, in the event the price cannot hold above there you know, then I don't think it would be shocking at all to see the price drop down to the 189 mark, if not lower.
NEUT25|So ideally speaking, assuming your long in Polish like I am, you know I want to see that level hold there, but from a training perspective and you know, uh, shorting perspective, there's going to be a lot of people watching that.
NEUT26|As really, there's nothing else until dawn around that, you know, 189 Mark.
NEUT27|So we'll keep an eye on those levels.
NEUT28|As far as resistance areas, I'm not going to talk about those because in my opinion, top priority right now.
NEUT29|Has nothing to do with breaking levels of resistance or anything like that.
NEUT30|It's all about trying to stabilize and see where some sideways price action may occur.
NEUT31|So the keeping of these couple levels right there, those are the levels.
NEUT32|I will certainly be watching tomorrow, both from an investment standpoint and from a trading perspective.
NEUT33|One of the biggest questions I get is likely, how do you find the stocks that you trade?
NEUT34|So what I've done is put together a free resource guide where I talk about the tools that I use to locate stocks that I find interesting and think may have potential.
NEUT35|So if that sounds like something that could add value to you as a trader, then click on the image that is up on the screen right now and I will email you the guide.
NEUT36|The guide itself is very short and to the point and best part it's completely free.
NEUT37|Thanks for watching the video.
NEUT38|"Let me know if you have any questions."""
