NEUT0|"""I've rules I'm Andy cross, chief investment Officer, here at The Motley Fool."
NEUT1|As part of our ask of full question, Jeff posted to Facebook the lifelong question when to sell.
NEUT2|I'm great at timing buying but waffle about when to take profits or cut losses.
NEUT3|Jeff, we have a lot of questions about selling here at The Motley Fool from individual investors.
BEAR4|They get scared about window sale.
NEUT5|They focus more on buying the wind is selling well.
NEUT6|Here's my advice to you on selling.
BEAR7|I think individual investors focused too much on selling Warren Buffett, the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway.
BULL8|The famed investor has said that his returns will be better had he never sold a stock and this is a gentleman who has compounded outstanding returns over time.
NEUT9|That's because individual investors really focus too much on selling, especially as companies.
BULL10|Something that I've done very well from their winners.
BEAR11|They focus too much on selling a lot of their winners and studies show that individual investors cut those profits and those.
NEUT12|Those gains far too early, so you really want to be careful about selling your stocks that have performed well, cutting those gains because a lot of those businesses can go on to outperform over time, and that's my main guidance about selling.
NEUT13|If you have a business Anna stock that you think will not outperform the general market overtime over the next three to five years, that's really your key reason for selling whatever that reason.
BEAR14|Maybe you just think that investment will underperform the market because you can go out and buy a very general.
NEUT15|ETF or Market index fund that can you can invest in very cheaply that can perform very well if your investment can't beat that investment, that's your bogey.
NEUT16|You really want to think about selling.
NEUT17|So rethink.
NEUT18|Maybe if you're selling, you're thinking about selling a winner.
NEUT19|Make sure it's the right reasons.
NEUT20|Don't cut your gains too early, and if you're finding an investment or a stock that you don't think will beat the market over time, that's a really good reason to think about investing as well As for different diversification.
NEUT21|You want to make sure you have a very diversified portfolio, so.
NEUT22|That's a little helpful advice about selling.
NEUT23|"You can always find out a lot more information about selling out on full com I'm Andy Cross will see you later."""
