NEUT0|"""Explain this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, the chart has finally made a move for the past few days, and for those that have been watching the videos from previously, you know I was talking about this sideways channel sideways channel sideways channel, But the like I said we got our answer and the answer was the bear is ultimately one out and then you had some touch book technical analysis stuff going on here and this is where the 1st update comes into play.
NEUT5|In that update is based on just the foundational rule that says 1 levels of support are broken and closed below they tend to act as resistance.
BEAR6|So for those you that watched the past videos hope remember talking about the bottom of the channel at 141 being the key area of support, but when the price broke down below there you would expect it to.
NEUT7|Does resistance and then check it out price bounce back upwards and then generally speaking right at that red line is where the price got rejected back to the downside so well, I'm not saying that 141 can never ever be broken again.
NEUT8|I'm just saying that it makes sense why the price did get rejected there and that moving forward you know that is definitely going to be Public Enemy number one.
BULL9|If there is going to be any sort of, you know, kind of regaining of the overall trend.
NEUT10|So if the price does get sideways and then start to head back up, that's where the big question mark is.
NEUT11|Not necessarily in the price.
NEUT12|Get back up to 141, but can the price break above it and stay above it so you want to keep a very close eye on that?
NEUT13|I'm actually just going to get rid of that line for now.
NEUT14|It served its purpose and will just keep an eye on that 141 excuse me.
BULL15|Resistance as far as levels of support are now concern.
NEUT16|Next level to keep a very close eye on going to be right now.
BEAR17|Oh, right where it bounced off of at 136 fifty I don't realize that's where balance, but you can see 136 fifty was a low from a few days ago and that just happens to be right where it bounced from.
NEUT18|Today in the event one 3650 is cannot maintain the price.
NEUT19|Next key level of support after that would be that pink line right there?
NEUT20|That 200.
NEUT21|Moving average that valued at will call it the one 3380 mark.
NEUT22|So yeah, rough day for Apple, but we'll see how things continue to play out moving forward.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT24|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT29|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it all though, including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT34|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT35|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
