BULL0|"""And we're in the middle of one of the biggest refresh cycles, and so the shift, not just the new camera, not just the new form factor, not just the better battery life, but also the introduction of 5G and a whole bunch of services is driving that growth, and we see that as actually powering the Q2Q3Q4 numbers coming in into the next cycle."
NEUT1|OK, so you think that this is going to be a story over all of 2020 then not just limited to the first quarter?
NEUT2|Definitely this is a super cycle of refresh for a lot of users.
NEUT3|If you look at the numbers that people have for iPhone 6, iPhone 7, they're still in a pretty big range.
BULL4|The new camera is playing the big role today, but the thought of getting 5G services even though that is farther away is a reason to make that refresh.
NEUT5|What does this then mean for the performance of Apple stock after hours trading up by around about 1 1/2% and over the course, then of 2020?
BULL6|We know that Apple is of course one of the most valuable companies in the world.
NEUT7|It is an actual.
NEUT8|We have a forecast for about 3:50 on our guidance and depending what happens in Q2 that may change to about 370.
NEUT9|Part of the reason is the services piece while it was under estimate, we see the services business growing at the moment that move from being able to subscribe to an iPhone at $20 a month add additional services you can get up to $50 per person per month on services in the future and about next 24 to 36 months as they subscribe to Arcade as described Apple TV plus.
NEUT10|As they subscribe to others other services that they're bringing online, and there's a whole bunch of announcements that are going to happen in the refresh in the traditional September refresh beyond 2020, where does the next leg up for Apple do?
NEUT11|You thinks it?
NEUT12|Yeah, the next letter comes in a couple ways.
NEUT13|One is really in the enterprise where they continue to make a lot of progress in terms of adoption in the enterprise and usages in the Enterprise II area we see is augmented reality and virtual reality.
BULL14|Apples got some amazing mixed reality augmented reality capabilities that are being rolled out.
BULL15|And then of course we see still a lot of growth in services.
BULL16|The ability to reach out from financial services to health services to subscriptions that are coming to bear those are actually creating large opportunities of growth.
NEUT17|So install base very very important.
NEUT18|You want to see iPhone growth and what those volumes of growth are.
BULL19|Second piece adoption across all services driving the average revenue per user up and then more importantly, they're driving margins on the services side that are close to 60 to 70%.
BULL20|Those margins can actually go up over time as iPhone margins stabilized, so those are a couple of factors that we think might play a role.
BULL21|Which particular services side of the equation then could see margin improvement?
BULL22|We think that you're going to see opportunities in the Apple TV plus the arcade piece.
NEUT23|You're also going to see other new services that get rolled out in the next 6 to 12 months.
NEUT24|Hey everybody, it's Hadley.
NEUT25|Gamble from our new CNBC Middle East Bureau in Abu Dhabi.
BULL26|Thanks for stopping by.
NEUT27|"Now to watch more you can try one of the videos that just popped up on your screen and don't forget to subscribe."""
