NEUT0|"""Can tweets about the stock market be ignored as random noise generated by self proclaimed trading gurus?"
NEUT1|A study by a team of researchers at Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University now shows that tweets contain useful information that can be used to predict stock market developments in the short and long term.
BULL2|This discovery may eventually help investors make.
NEUT3|Better decisions back to around 2014.
BEAR4|The Associated Press Twitter account got hacked and there was a fake tweet, so now it says well, Barack Obama was injured as a result of this fake tweet, the stock market went down four 1% for Dow Jones index and how much is it is about more than 100 billion U.S. dollars got swapped out.
NEUT5|The focal point of the study is actually find out whether there is additional information we can extract out of social media in order to better predict stock market performance.
NEUT6|Perhaps we can extract information that goes above and beyond what has been captured within the public news and very beginning.
NEUT7|We collected about 21 weeks of tweets, data and extract all the information.
NEUT8|All the tweet that mentioned top S&P 100 firms and we have to determine the sentiment being expressed on this tweet and being positive, neutral and negative and indicating that should someone emaster by OK or sell those.
NEUT9|Stocks that hold forgiving company and what we demonstrated is indeed based on those Twitter information.
BULL10|The value extracted out of this tweet information expressed in sentiment and you can make smarter and better trading strategies and earning access return even when we take into account of transaction costs as well as a fixed 'cause for for running this exercise we can see that there's still access returns compared to the market performance.
NEUT11|The implication goes way beyond just being a financial industry.
NEUT12|A lot of what we do and what is say both in online and offline environment have been digitized.
NEUT13|We can learn from this digitized human behavior about how individuals make their decisions and also firms can learn from this in order to make better decisions that can target and also personalize their services and product at the individual level.
BULL14|"In order to achieve better performance."""
