NEUT0|"""Well, there's been a lot of controversy lately about whether taking Social Security benefits early or waiting until later, before you start claiming them is the better financial move now."
NEUT1|Their arguments in both directions, and so it really makes sense to take a look at what the trade off is between early benefits and later benefits.
NEUT2|My name is Dan Caplinger.
NEUT3|I'm the Motley Fool's director of investment planning, and today I want to take a closer look at that tradeoff between those early benefits and the late benefits and basically.
NEUT4|What it comes down to in many cases is an exercise in risk management.
NEUT5|When you take your Social Security early, you end up in a situation where you don't necessarily have to tap other sources of income.
NEUT6|For instance, if you have retirement accounts that you've built up over your lifetime, you might not have to touch those until later because you have those Social Security income coming in, and so even with the increase in Social Security benefits that you get.
BULL7|By waiting beyond that age 62 to start claiming the minus left in your IR A or 401K or other retirement account content can continue to grow and with the stock market and other investments having done really well in recent years, you might actually be able to do better than that annual increase in the benefits that you would get by waiting for Social Security.
NEUT8|So the question really becomes, what kind of risk are you willing to take on if you decide to delay your Social Security and start drawing from retirement accounts?
NEUT9|Early to meet your cash needs then basically you're you're accepting the certain added return of higher Social Security benefits later in exchange for giving up the possibility of even better investment returns on the money that you're taking out of your IRA.
NEUT10|Conversely, if you take money from Social Security early, you're accepting those lower benefits permanently.
NEUT11|That's a certainty, but you're taking on the possibility that the investments that you make could have higher returns going forward, and whether you're willing to take that risk or not is really more personal decision than one that's either right or wrong for everybody.
NEUT12|Now, for more on Social Security, making the most of your benefits, whatever decision you make, be sure to stay tuned to fool.com.
BULL13|"Thanks for watching and full on."""
