BULL0|"""So far it's been a pretty good fourth quarter for the big U.S. banks."
BULL1|JP Morgan Chase was the first out of the traps on Thursday, announcing a record $24 billion of profit thanks to a slight increase in revenues and a big focus on costs.
BULL2|Next on Friday, with Citigroup with another very good year and then Wells Fargo also pushed past Citigroup to rank as the number three bank, now by assets in the US thanks to strong growth in credit cards and mortgages and car loans.
BEAR3|But the tone from analysts so far has been mixed.
NEUT4|They're all wondering, OK, things look pretty good in the rearview mirror, but what about further out start with interest rates in December?
NEUT5|Of course, the Fed put up rates for the first time in nine years, and banks were very quick to pass on that.
NEUT6|Extra 25 basis points of spread into the cost of their loans and at the same time they kept their deposits about the same, so they've got instantly got a faster spread between the cost of funds and the the cost of their loans.
BULL7|And that's good news.
BEAR8|But people are wondering, amid all this carnage from China and fears over the global sell off and oil.
NEUT9|Is the Fed going to follow up with extra interest rate increases and what's that going to do to the banks margins?
NEUT10|And then there's asset quality.
BULL11|Right now things look pretty good for the banks.
BULL12|In fact, they've really look better if you look at this chart of consumer delinquencies, you can see a slight uptick.
BULL13|But still, after eight or nine years of rock bottom interest rates, things are pretty good for the consumer.
BEAR14|But the collapse in oil and all that market uncertainty is creating extra credit costs beginning to feed through into energy portfolios.
BEAR15|And banks are now worried about the spillover effects into consumer products like credit cards and mortgages.
BEAR16|So put those two forces together and the outlook for profits is a little bit bleak.
BEAR17|As Mike Corbat, chief executive of Citigroup said on Friday morning, the environment isn't likely to get any less challenging, that's putting it mildly.
NEUT18|"Ben Mclanahan Financial Times New York."""
