BEAR0|"""Must the presidential election become a voting disaster?"
NEUT1|No.
NEUT2|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead where you get the insights you need to help navigate this turbulent world.
BEAR3|Because of the COVID-19 crisis, the upcoming election threatens to become a severe political crisis as bad or worse than that of 1876 when the outcome wasn't formally decided until two days before the presidential inauguration or the year 2000 when a bitter dispute over the counting of a number of paper ballots in Florida kept the nation in the dark.
NEUT4|As to who our next president would be for weeks on end.
NEUT5|The Florida Tobacco is ultimately decided by divided Supreme Court.
BEAR6|That crisis involved only one state, the political horror waiting for us this November could involve numerous states where the outcomes are likely to be close.
NEUT7|A worst case scenario could involve both candidates holding inaugurations.
NEUT8|On January 20, 2021.
BEAR9|Because of COVID-19 fears, numerous states are curtailing traditional voting at the polls and favor of relying on mostly Mail in ballots.
NEUT10|This year's primary season gives us a taste of the possible disasters to come.
BEAR11|Over 558 thousand Mail in ballots were invalidated because of various deficiencies such as missing various deadlines.
BEAR12|Lawsuits abounded outcomes in a number of contests weren't known for weeks, and this is just for primaries where turnouts are far, far lower.
BEAR13|In a general election, sadly, it appears many states aren't taking sensible steps to mitigate this foreseeable disaster.
NEUT14|First and foremost, we should remind ourselves that thankfully, the scale of the pandemic is a fraction of what it was a few months ago, which leads to one approach open a large number of traditional polling places and let people vote in person with appropriate distancing and the wearing of masks.
NEUT15|Wisconsin, for instance, allowed widespread in place voting more than four months ago.
NEUT16|Without disaster.
NEUT17|To avoid huge lines waiting to vote, some polling places could be open several days before November 3rd.
NEUT18|If there's any question about this, state legislatures could pass appropriate emergency measures.
NEUT19|Another approach for those who wish to use in Mail ballots is, for states, enacting sensible deadlines that take into account the realities of Postal delivery.
NEUT20|States could also start the task of validating counting Mail ends as they are received instead of waiting until Election Day itself or even after, as some states do.
NEUT21|Now.
NEUT22|Of course, our courts must also do their part and not capriciously throw out sensible state rules with such common sense acts take place.
BEAR23|Sadly the omens are not good.
BEAR24|We seem headed to do ourselves immense and unnecessary harm.
NEUT25|I'm Steve Forbes.
NEUT26|This is what's ahead.
NEUT27|Thank you for listening and do send in your comments and suggestions.
BULL28|"I look forward to being with you next time."""
