BULL0|"""Thanks for watching this quick video on Amazon and as we can see in front of us, is 1 hour candle stick and prices are moving up towards Sony bullish market."
BULL1|Bullish train the scenes you know since the half of March is the majority of the stocks that they've been performing very well during this coronavirus almost the same time like Microsoft, Apple, Facebook, they've been moving upward Sony bullish market.
NEUT2|So the idea.
NEUT3|The star is always to try to follow the major 10, so going following the trend as it is now, Amazon as well as Microsoft we saw in my previous video data is evil is just in the retracement stage, so let's end wait for the end of this retracement before going up again.
NEUT4|And so based on this red trendline that as we can see and based on this moving exponential average that is this this, this blue clear blue line that this point this level of approximately 22 let's say 26678 almost 2660.
NEUT5|So it can work as next next support point before the start of a new.
NEUT6|Really, so we in conclusion, way to date this red trendline is going to be tested one more time, and this this level that this level 266 O's gonna work as support before going longer.
NEUT7|The idea is to go along because we would like to follow the market and the moving average exponential moving average is telling so that with the moving average, if I'm gonna just take out a little bit my talus consideration, we can see the moving average of 100.
BULL8|It's linked better.
NEUT9|This is our chart if worked as support for this point, and perhaps going to work.
NEUT10|The support for this point as well.
NEUT11|So just wait to get more information before going long, and perhaps wait that even stochastics gonna keep going down in oversold and then it will start turning.
NEUT12|As it happens there.
NEUT13|Before going up again, so again, so that that's why just wait a little bit more.
NEUT14|The price should go down a little bit before going up, but idea is just wait at the end of this price retracement before going up.
NEUT15|So waited.
BULL16|Perhaps Stochastics will start turning up and with the distant lines can be tested or that the prices will touch.
NEUT17|The will will reach these exponential moving average of 100 S length that generally this one this.
NEUT18|Moving average would work as support, so looks like the three input at 22, eight before going along.
NEUT19|So in conclusion, wait that stochastically, start earning waited.
NEUT20|This trend will be tested again or or end this.
NEUT21|This moving average would be would be tested again, so we're going to work as support for the new.
NEUT22|Rarely, that's all from my side.
NEUT23|"Thanks bye."""
