NEUT0|"""Hi there, Jason Moser analyst with Motley Fool One thanks for joining us for another edition of Ask a fool today we're taking a question from SASSA."
NEUT1|Cantu asks.
NEUT2|I'd like to know how to track when insiders are buying a stock.
NEUT3|It's rarely obvious to normal traders when insider buying or selling takes place within a company.
NEUT4|Is there a way to know when it's happening?
BULL5|And I think this is a great question and I'm happy to answer it.
NEUT6|There are services out there that will charge you for this information in order for you to get it as quickly as it happens.
NEUT7|That's fine if it's something that you want to pay for, but it's not cheap.
NEUT8|And personally, well, I think it's good information to have.
NEUT9|I also think there are easier ways to get it.
NEUT10|So the document you're looking for particularly is the SEC Form 4 and this form must be filed before the end of the second Business day following a change in ownership of securities or derivatives securities, including the exercise or grant of stock options.
NEUT11|So it's something they have to file relatively soon after they make that purchase or sale.
NEUT12|What this means is that it's easy enough to go someplace like Edgar, which is the site for SEC.
NEUT13|Filings or you can even actually just go to the website of the company or companies that you follow, but just Google Edgar Edgar and that will take you to the link which will take you to the site where you can search for any companies filings.
NEUT14|Another way to go about it is to actually sign up for the email alerts for the companies that you follow.
NEUT15|So if you just Google the name of the company along with email alerts that will take you over to the Investor Relations page and you can find those email alerts areas where you can just enter your email address and I'll send you the alerts whenever anything happens.
NEUT16|Try it, give it a shot with Chipotle.
NEUT17|For example.
NEUT18|Just Google Chipotle email alerts and that will take you to the Investor Relations page, where towards the bottom and you can enter your email address and then you'll be notified whenever any filings or press releases are made by the company.
NEUT19|So these are just a few ways to actually get this information in a timely fashion.
NEUT20|And like I said, I think it's great information to know you know, like Peter Lynch always says, there are many reasons to sell a stock, but really, there's only one reason to buy, and I think the caveat there, though, is to remember that even insiders aren't always right.
NEUT21|Sometimes they even get it wrong too.
NEUT22|So just just remember that next time you're looking at these forms, but again, it's a great question.
NEUT23|"Thanks for asking and make sure to check out full com For more information."""
