BULL0|"""Everybody I thanks for watching this quick video on Astra Zeneca and Company store."
NEUT1|So as we know, everybody knows AstraZeneca is a UK based company that will produce the vaccine once Oxford University will found it hopefully soon so assets Adega approached Jill Dorge eyelid signs for merge.
NEUT2|Agent or manager option or like venture joint venture option.
NEUT3|But those are just rumors.
NEUT4|Nothing official yet.
NEUT5|But based on this is just the fundamental news that I know about Astra Zeneca and we know that they're going to produce the vaccine one once it will be found regarding technical analysis.
NEUT6|As we can see in front of our series, the one hour candle stick is showing the price movement and the prices being bullish since, let's say since.
BEAR7|The middle of March, very bullish and went to the use of this coronavirus vaccine and actually producing the vaccine for the coronavirus and with the break out of this bottom, this trendline giving a weakness signal.
NEUT8|But actually it worked perfectly because the target price general is the depth of this channel projected from the breakout of the trend line, and now the prices are moving in a sideways trend or trendless conditions or distress condition.
NEUT9|And it seems that this this support level.
NEUT10|Is working this proper support level so the idea is to go along for a short term investment where the price will keep moving inside this channel.
NEUT11|So this is my interpretation of this talk, but as it is now is a trendless condition is a sideway so general is a sideways trend?
NEUT12|It's better not to invest into it, but if you want to speculate or you won't risk a little bit more, we can just try to get money or understand when to get in or out from the market.
NEUT13|One surprises are.
NEUT14|Close to the support level of these residents level so as we are right now, is it because the prices are at the bottom of this channel?
NEUT15|That is too long for this short term?
NEUT16|And then let's see what's gonna happen once a target price has been reached.
NEUT17|If the target price will be reached, it means that all the price will keep going up to this new target price of 9000.
NEUT18|Or perhaps he will jump down moving inside the channel so.
NEUT19|Lady again.
BULL20|In conclusion, this support level, it seems that it will work their support so that they said the price will keep moving inside this channel.
NEUT21|"So go long for short term investment thanks bye."""
