NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol AMZN Amazon."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame if you're not sure what I mean by 30 minute, I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT2|Will Amazon was all over the place once again, but now that we have more data going forward, it's a very cut and dry type approach air.
NEUT3|So I want to make this very clear that these levels and about to talk about are by no means some sort of great discover on my partner that I have some sort of special talent to have seen these.
NEUT4|Quite frankly, the exact opposite I share with people that you start to understand charts have taken notice of these levels and they'll be watching them.
NEUT5|And I bring all that up because when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy card ever you want it can definitely create some very dynamic movements and that's what we have with each of these levels.
NEUT6|So the first level.
BEAR7|Everybody and their brother's uncle is going to be watching as a support level is down here at 3175.
NEUT8|The value of that pink line right there, which I my chart denotes the very one of the very famous 200.
NEUT9|Moving average like so you can see the value of it over there and we'll just call it 3175.
NEUT10|So that's going to be a main level of support, meaning it's nothing is guaranteed.
NEUT11|But my core point here is it's more than valid.
BEAR12|It's more than rational to think that if the price were to come down to that area and break down through there, the break of that level could very well create quite a bit of downside selling pressure.
NEUT13|'cause you're going to both logs in shorts watching that area.
NEUT14|And that's going to be, you know, playing a big role into their trade plans.
NEUT15|So that's going to be the first key touch level that you want to watch very closely.
NEUT16|On the flip side of things, the level that stands out from the resistant side of things is just this area, right appear.
NEUT17|At the 3220 Mark and again same exact logic just reversed round, meaning you're going to have all sorts of people watching that, especially those breakout players.
NEUT18|And while nothing is guaranteed, it's more than rational to think that if the price and get up to that area and then break up through there that break in and of itself could very well create some good amount of upside buying pressure.
NEUT19|'cause once again you're going to log in shorts watching that level in that area is going to be affecting their trade plans in different ways, but you know the point here being lots of eyeballs will be watching those two levels moving forward, so let's see how the price continues to play out.
BULL20|Relative to those couple of key technical points First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT21|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT22|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL23|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT24|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT25|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR26|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT27|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT28|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT29|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again.
NEUT30|Totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT31|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT32|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT33|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT34|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
