NEUT0|"""For me, success is about its impact, Jamaicans what kind of legacy that you leave behind, say, how many people use what you have created, what the benefit is overall, running just financial success."
NEUT1|I feel really it's more about making a difference in people's lives and the world as a whole.
NEUT2|I'm managing partner of Collegiate capsule, which is a venture capital fund and company builder where parts VC, pot, startup and more than just writing checks.
NEUT3|Our goal is really to help startups in every stage and Jenny so where there's Technical Support, legal support, accounting.
BEAR4|International expansion partnering, corporates etc say actually really adding extra value beyond just a few meetings and a check which is a problem I feel with a lot of venture capital industry at the moment.
NEUT5|I start my first company 16.
NEUT6|Since then I've been doing lots of stuff and kind of crazy mining companies getting work experience working in finance, volunteering on pressure full time after graduating straight away, and to actually join, Blackhawk and get the experience and then run my company on the side.
NEUT7|So I had the chance to investment banking and consulting.
NEUT8|I chose US management because in terms of hours, market hours, it gives you the freedom once you've left the office to actually do things in the evening at the same time you get that experience together, credibility as well from working large company, get their training scheme and.
NEUT9|A lot of people think I'll just be my own boss and did from the start, but actually did learn a lot working for other people, especially in large company, and that's become established.
NEUT10|Makes you more humble and 1N1 elements, and also it helps you get an understanding of how large companies work.
NEUT11|Because if you're just a career entrepreneur and there's nothing wrong with that.
NEUT12|But if you only used to kind of being the boss and working for yourself and working in small teams when it gets to that stage where you really need to scale, I feel that a lot of founders do fall down.
NEUT13|Then you have cases where the original founders are replaced by outside CEOs and outside champions etc.
NEUT14|Because they're not ready to run a company of that size.
NEUT15|They don't have the skill set to take it from a small group of people to a much, much larger organization.
NEUT16|The next five years.
BULL17|We're hoping to really make a big impact in the venture capital industry work with some really exciting companies and help grow them to the stage where they can either exit the trade, sell, or go to IPA.
NEUT18|That's a dream.
BULL19|We're looking to really help create the next game, changing innovative companies in the technology space, particularly in Europe.
NEUT20|That's one particular about encouraging catching up with the with the whole time.
BULL21|"See the US in Silicon Valley and that's one thing I'm really hoping to see the next big unicorns coming out of Europe."""
