BULL0|"""Everybody, thanks for watching this quick video."
NEUT1|An update on Amazon stock so so first of all, in front of us it is one hour candle stick and generally when there is a trained voter voter really I prefer to use is the exponent exponential moving average or the EMA that it is a tool that helps us to understand the trend?
NEUT2|It's very useful and powerful.
NEUT3|And actually, it's one I think the most trustable as well in technical analysis, and it shows it will think as we can see there once we found the right length of these tools, because we need to change the length.
NEUT4|Perhaps 150 general is between 50.
NEUT5|You can play around up to 100, two, 150 etc etc.
NEUT6|One you find, perhaps you know the right length of these this exponential moving average.
NEUT7|You can see that it works as support for the next.
BEAR8|Really off the train.
NEUT9|This he worked there and the work.
NEUT10|He seems that he worked there as well.
NEUT11|So the idea is that if these as we can see, this is a bullish market and with my technical interpretation air it a that is in front of us with the blue line is showing the major price movement and and the red line is the trend line.
NEUT12|So the idea is that is to go longer.
NEUT13|So because the day is to invest always trying to investors in the.
NEUT14|Train direction so based mainly based on taking analysis.
NEUT15|We're bullish, trained, and so and the minimum target price is 2003 and U.S. dollar.
NEUT16|If this trend lines going to school working stand line, and as we can see, even the exponential moving average confirm that this trend line is working as property online.
NEUT17|Only doubt that I have is that.
NEUT18|About this update is that any way for long term that is to go along but for a short term we might wait a little bit more.
NEUT19|Would seem to what's gonna happen around this.
NEUT20|This price of 3240 or most that he worked as a resistance for this previous peak.
NEUT21|This one is a secondary trained and perhaps gonna work again as residents for this second pic.
NEUT22|So the idea perhaps if this 3400 level is going to be broken, ideas to go longer up to at least minimum.
BULL23|Good price for 3300 you installer so oh otherwise depressing might go down a little bit more before going up again.
NEUT24|So perhaps just wait the stochastic is gonna be in oversold before going along.
NEUT25|So anyway, in conclusion, the idea is that for long term investment, because the market is bullish and there are a couple of signals telling us that the market might go up or the idea is to go longer.
NEUT26|Regarding fundamental analysis.
NEUT27|Always, please read a lot of lot of news regarding Amazon.
NEUT28|And just try to find confirmation or in fundamental analysis of our technical analysis consideration.
NEUT29|So always in other words, take analysis and fundamental analysis.
NEUT30|They should be always on the same page or they should always tell us the same story.
NEUT31|If there is something wrong, it's just it can be seen as a warning for us and I would any cases if there are different stores between taking analysis and fundamental analysis I would be I would hold any position would stand aside.
NEUT32|"So, but in conclusion, the idea is that to go longer following the train and it is mainly based on technical analysis takes by."""
