NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Will quite the eventful day on this one.
NEUT5|Although I will say that from a presentation standpoint it relatively tricky chart to talk about 'cause there's a lot of perspective that goes into it.
NEUT6|What do I mean by that?
NEUT7|Well, there's some sort of daytrader flipper scalper we're going to yourself, and you bought right there.
NEUT8|Maybe you bought right there in your plan was by himself in 20 minutes.
BEAR9|Well, from that perspective, the chart looks really bad for you.
NEUT10|Now if you care about the bigger picture of things, I get it from the highs.
BULL11|There has been a larger pullback, but from the grand scheme of it all the price does still have the opportunity to chip away and build a higher base.
NEUT12|And that's gonna be the viewpoint that I talked about things from.
NEUT13|So if I sound crazy calling something bullish, my guess would be you probably had more of a daytrader type mentality going into all this.
NEUT14|So from, you know, getting that establisher.
NEUT15|And again, I'm not saying this was going to happen, but for explanations like, let's say the price pulls back some more and comes down here to this area right here at the 126 mark.
NEUT16|So price comes down here to 126.
NEUT17|And then behaves in that manner and then starts to work its way back upwards.
NEUT18|Now emphasis here on big picture.
NEUT19|What would you have from the big picture point of view while you have a set of those hair you have low is there you have Lowe's here you have Lowe's here and then you don't even know that you can see on screen but even further down now if you envision those as stair steps would have emphasis again on big picture.
NEUT20|Well from the big picture, you'd still very clearly have stair steps making progress in the upward direction.
NEUT21|And that's the name of the game.
NEUT22|That's what it truly strong was going to overtime it's going to make progress and that's what that 126 mark is representing.
NEUT23|Again though, I get it if you're a day trader and you bought right there, you don't care bout these stair steps, so that's why I tried to offer a warning that I would be coming from the bigger picture point of view.
BULL24|But yeah, today the price is pulled back, but something about that word today, as in one day looking at multiple days as we're doing here, you can see the price does still have plenty wrapped into chip away and build a higher base.
NEUT25|So let's see if the price can get that job done or not moving forward.
NEUT26|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT27|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT28|But it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL29|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT30|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT31|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but.
BEAR32|In a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT36|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT37|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT38|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT39|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT41|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
