NEUT0|"""We are looking at some of these stocks that have been beaten up, but if we do get a vaccine things things may get better before we even get into the stocks that you like because the question I asked all the time."
NEUT1|What is your timeline for when you think some semblance of normal returns?
NEUT2|Because I think will have a big impact in terms of how people think about the stocks are bout to talk about.
NEUT3|Well, I think the timeline is still somewhat uncertain, right?
BULL4|I mean, we got great news about a vaccine that's 90% effective, so so we know that it's coming.
NEUT5|We don't know exactly when it's going to be widely available, but if we look out a year from now, so when we when we buy stocks were buying them for the longer term so were longer term holders were looking out and saying what is going to work in 2021 and 2022, and what is the earnings growth profile going to look like?
NEUT6|So that's caused us to want it rotate into some of these.
NEUT7|Names that are in in some cases be enough for a variety of reasons, but for many of them it's simply a matter of the environment that's caused them to be where they are out today.
NEUT8|Like Brenda, let's play through those stocks, then your top idea.
NEUT9|So Boeing is one of an idea that we recently bought a couple of weeks ago.
NEUT10|This is a name.
BULL11|Obviously that's had a lot of troubles, but we feel like the news is becoming incrementally more positive here, or think there's green shoots here.
NEUT12|We have the European Commission come out and say that the 7:30 Max 737 Max is safe.
NEUT13|We have a scenario where the backlog isn't nearly as bad as everybody thought and we have certain parts of the world, especially areas like China where air travel, domestic air travel.
BULL14|Really is back to pre covid levels, so we think that travel will return.
BULL15|We especially think that leisure travel will return when we're able to reopen more meaningfully.
NEUT16|Whether that six months from now or nine months from now, we think there is going to be a lot of pent up demand.
NEUT17|So Brenda Brenda, that's very interesting.
NEUT18|Brenda, you look at 2022 earnings.
NEUT19|Boeing, what do they look like to you?
NEUT20|They look like 2019 earnings look like 2018 earnings 2017 earnings.
NEUT21|What would be your so?
NEUT22|I certainly don't think we get a full recovery here, and it's not so much about the level of earnings, but I think for a story like Boeing you know you have a duopoly.
NEUT23|Here you have a company that's incredibly important for a variety of reasons, and we think that the news we've been watching it for a long time and we're waiting it for it to bottom out here.
BULL24|And they think the news is becoming incrementally more positive.
BULL25|I think that's all that we need to really get the stock continuing to move higher from here.
BULL26|Whether we get well, I think it's going to be awhile before we get back to 2019 earnings levels certainly, but we think that things are becoming more positive.
NEUT27|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT28|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
