NEUT0|"""How's the you just heard Kramer talking about it and and some references to Larry Fink's comments."
BULL1|I think they they ring true with you about the spending under the body administration could be could provide an additional lift for stocks.
NEUT2|Yeah, absolutely.
BULL3|Thanks for having me and I am excited about the market prospects like Jim.
NEUT4|The Nets are different story but certainly when we think about what's happened in the market, really it's been pretty consistent in that the market has been looking towards the second half of 2021 really for some time now since the vaccines have been announced in November and so what's been driving that?
NEUT5|Well, of course we have the reopening story with vaccines on the horizon.
NEUT6|Perhaps some form of herd immunity anariel.
NEUT7|Unleashing of pent up demand by the consumer.
BULL8|But this is being supported by not only low rates from the Fed you know they're committed to zero bound through 2021 at least, although their their notes say through 2023, and then of course the Georgia race is really added a boost to not only the markets but this value trade.
BULL9|In particular, we saw the advent or the prospects of stimulus really have risen and we'll hear from divide administration today.
NEUT10|But it's not only.
NEUT11|Stimulus in the form of covid relief.
BULL12|We may also get further fiscal spending and the likelihood of of more of that passing at least has now risen.
BEAR13|So this this backdrop, with reselling reaccelerated growth in 2021 rate remaining low and stimulus being added to the system.
BULL14|That's a recipe we think is pretty good for risk assets broadly.
NEUT15|I've heard it posited by other people that when we get the full reopening and we maybe get a little of the reflation trade going then it then it might, will it be over or will it just be a pause at that point?
NEUT16|Yeah, you know it's a great question and it's one that we're hearing more and more.
NEUT17|Also, when when does this stop?
NEUT18|When does this reflation trade, rotation, trade, whatever you want to call it really start to come to an end and we have kind of two thoughts on that one it it could be when we do start to see the whites of inflation, the whites of the eyes of inflation, and really the inflation rates thus far have stayed well below or below the feds 2% target for some time.
NEUT19|Really haven't crossed that 2% threshold over the last 10 years except for a handful of times so.
NEUT20|We haven't yet gotten sustained inflation, but the ingredients are in place.
NEUT21|You know that that growth, rebounding, brace, low stimulus.
BULL22|All of that could set up a perfect storm for inflationary pressures to rise.
BEAR23|And if the Fed changes its tune, even even in words rather than action, that could create some turmoil for the market.
NEUT24|So you know, we don't expect that.
NEUT25|Certainly not through 2021.
NEUT26|Perhaps as you're heading into 2022, we start seeing some of that, or maybe even the end of this year to some extent.
NEUT27|The other factor we're looking at is when do growth rates really peak, and we're certainly not there yet.
NEUT28|We're certainly waiting for this reopening to happen in earnest.
NEUT29|We expect robust growth rates through this year, but at some point we will see a slowing, and that could also be, you know, when the market that inflection point could also be when the market turns as well.
BULL30|So keep out people lookout for those two factors, but in the interim we certainly would use any periods of consolidation near term as tactical opportunities to really position yourself for the year ahead.
NEUT31|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT32|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
