BULL0|"""Yeah, weaker dollar stronger stocks, flat bond yields, at least on the 10 year."
NEUT1|Let's bring in our panel to discuss Sarah Bloom Raskin joins us, former deputy Treasury Secretary and former Federal Reserve governor, also Paul Mcculley, former PIMCO chief economist and CNBC markets commentator Mike Santoli, all with us Sarah.
NEUT2|I thought it was riveting as far as Fed press conferences go.
NEUT3|What was your big takeaway?
NEUT4|Well, it was.
NEUT5|It was indeed so you smart.
NEUT6|Chairman Powell really quite loose a lot of times really off script giving very full, you know off the cuff answers I thought really quite good, but defensive about two things in particular did not want to engage on the extension of the supplemental leverage ratio question.
NEUT7|I mean, who knew like regulatory issues could be such a as hot and issue is monetary policy.
NEUT8|I thought that was.
NEUT9|Interesting and those dot plots.
NEUT10|Those darn dot plots.
NEUT11|I mean really what he is seeing and what what the questioners were noticing is that some of the FOMC members are moving their projections and that of course signals that Chairman Powell has a kind of a corralling issue that could you know they could potentially emerge because those dot plots while they have all kinds of caveats and all sorts of assumptions embedded in them.
BEAR12|They were still out there and I thought they caused a little bit of a problem.
NEUT13|For him during this this particular this particular press conference, Sir, if you didn't think people would be interested in the supplementary leverage ratio, you've come, you've come to the wrong place.
NEUT14|But anyway, all I wanted to come to you, not particularly on that point, although it looks like we will get more information on it, in it in a couple of days.
NEUT15|But but what was your standout takeaway from this?
BULL16|I guess from your last couple of appearances on the show, you were kind of expecting him to stick to his guns despite things like a big upgrade in GDP forecast.
NEUT17|Yes, and I would like to associate with Sarah's word riveting.
NEUT18|I thought it really was a riveting and I will tell you why, you know that we got substance to the feds new strategic framework, an reaction function which was implemented last year.
NEUT19|But this was the first time for the Fed to put some real meat on the bones with numbers.
BULL20|They upgraded the forecast at the same time.
NEUT21|They said we're not going to be preemptive.
NEUT22|Driver look at this press conference today as the funeral for the doctrine of preemption an I think that's a glorious thing.
NEUT23|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT24|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
