NEUT0|"""Welcome back to 10X stocks like subscribe and let's get into latest NEO stock analysis and Predictions March 10th."
BULL1|In today's NIO, stock analysis and predictions, wine Iowa is still a strong buy watch to the end to learn why, despite the recent downturn in Niles stock Price, Nile remains one of the most attractive investments for 2021.
BULL2|In fact, NIO is expected to become the leader of the Chinese electric vehicle market within the next five years, according to projections by analysts.
BULL3|Along with this autonomous driving, car sales will increase and positively affect the stock price.
BULL4|In the January delivery report, which set a new monthly record at 7225 vehicles delivered.
BEAR5|Despite its stellar report, Neo stock is down well over 25% in the past month after it hit a record high on February 9th, presenting an excellent buying opportunity for long term investors, the company kicker of the year in a fine form after the effects of the global Pandemic March 2020.
NEUT6|First half.
BULL7|The results are a testament to its brand power and its ability to cultivate an unmatched experience for its customers.
BEAR8|Neo has missed analysts growth prospects by 7 cents in the past month.
BEAR9|Now missed this target, primarily due to the Chinese New Year where the whole country basically goes on a holiday.
NEUT10|However, most of these inexperienced investors concerns are overblown and do not track with an electric vehicle company such as Nioh.
NEUT11|The main targets for NIO stock are roughly 21% higher than vanyo stocks current valuation.
BULL12|Therefore, the stock is trading at a hefty discount at this point in time, which is a bootable dip you shouldn't overlook for those who are still worried about the market crash continuing, there is some good news for you.
NEUT13|The famous Wall Street analyst, Cathy Wood, thinks the stock market crashes over and the next.
NEUT14|Bull Run is ahead of us.
NEUT15|She stated.
BULL16|The bull market is broadening and will be good for our funds long term with interesting information by Kathy would analysis and predictions.
BULL17|We can calculate that the average bull run takes about a year to two years and as the bull run is just starting, we can expect the next two years to be amazing for all stocks and produce massive gains.
NEUT18|Just like until now with all of these factors in mind, investors should seriously consider adding Neo in there.
NEUT19|Portfolio as it is the next Tesla according to famous Wall Street analysis and predictions expert Mark Brown.
NEUT20|Basically Neo, will it be a long term winner and make investors rich with Nile skyrocket more?
BULL21|Only time can tell, but this definitely looks promising.
NEUT22|Hold long and strong.
NEUT23|Blue skies are coming.
BULL24|Thanks for watching.
NEUT25|"Like subscribe and go watch my other videos."""
