BEAR0|"""We look at the hiring numbers during the summer month to month."
NEUT1|They look pretty spectacular I would say, but how do they compare with hiring numbers or overall employment?
NEUT2|A year ago for example?
BULL3|Sure, so basically what we're seeing is that the recovery is underway, but the gains are moderating.
BEAR4|We're still underwater relative to where we would have been in terms of hiring pace a year ago, and that's true.
NEUT5|If you look city by City, or if you look industry by industry across the board, we are still not in positive territory where we're growing faster in terms of hiring than a year ago, and I think one of the most interesting things you know to take away from this is that while the recovery is going on, it's fairly fragile, and in fact it might be even slowing a little bit from what.
NEUT6|We can see in our data through late August we were looking here at revitalized industries year over year, hiring public administration, Wellness and fitness up real estate up.
NEUT7|I guess.
NEUT8|No surprise there.
BULL9|Health care higher.
NEUT10|So there are some industries that are getting more close or even above normal.
BULL11|That's right, there are pockets where we are doing well.
BULL12|Where we're seeing, hiring and like you said, you know with ultra low rates with the inventory rebuild that we're currently in in our economy, that's also supporting transport and logistics.
NEUT13|Sector Healthcare is a no brainer.
NEUT14|People delayed a lot of you know, regular health care they wanted or elective healthcare, and now they're finally starting to get back into that.
BULL15|Finance has been holding up as well, you know, despite working today and then.
NEUT16|Finally, I think the fun fact is Wellness and fitness, which is kind of off the charts.
NEUT17|Basically an.
NEUT18|Probably reflects a lot of home gym building that people are doing right now.
NEUT19|Yeah, I would think so because a lot of gyms have not obviously been open across the country.
NEUT20|How does the US in terms of hiring compare with other countries that have been struck by covid?
BEAR21|Yeah, well everybody is going through their own, you know experience and we are definitely in the US lagging a little bit.
NEUT22|The rest of Europe and Asia.
BEAR23|Maybe because elsewhere the reopenings have happened and been sustained, and in our case it feels a little bit more like there's a rolling blackout experience of shut shut downs and reopenings happening in different places across the USI think we're also a little bit more hamstrung in that in many cases schools haven't reopened and that is a headwind for working parents and then last but not least, there's a little bit more uncertainty here in the US than say in France or elsewhere in Asia.
NEUT24|Around what the benefits are that people can expect.
BEAR25|So I think people are kind of waiting to see whether or not there's another drop of stimulus.
BEAR26|I think you began by saying that some of the hiring momentum had abated a bit recently.
NEUT27|Do you expect to see a a continuance of that abatement and and how concerned should we be about it?
NEUT28|You know, look well.
BULL29|I think you know tomorrow we're likely to probably see continued improvement.
NEUT30|I'll be at much lower than what we've seen in the past couple of months and then looking further ahead, so far as I can tell, and you know, spotlight, that I'm looking out at.
BEAR31|It looks like things have slowed dramatically.
BULL32|There hasn't really been a lot of improvement since mid August, and the US, generally speaking.
BULL33|Like I said, there's always pockets of growth or even cities that are doing better and getting back close to normal, but largely, I think until we address some of the headwinds we have around, whether or not consumers feel confident about spending weather.
NEUT34|"Businesses can look forward and plan on investing and rehiring were sort of like fighting with one arm tide behind her back."""
