NEUT0|"""Palantir stock analysis and price prediction, December 19th in today's Palantir stock analysis and price prediction."
NEUT1|Speculate on palantir.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
NEUT3|If you object to buying shares of Palantir because of the businesses they are involved in, that's fine.
NEUT4|Very few investors are completely agnostic to their convictions.
NEUT5|But don't make the businesses that they're in, or even the potential decline of government revenue be the reason to walk away from Palantir stock, particularly when it's not trading at an overvalued but inexpensive.
NEUT6|Price any stock that trades in the immediate aftermath of its initial public offering is a risky proposition, and Palantir stock is no different.
BEAR7|This is a particularly tricky time to invest in Palantir.
NEUT8|First, there is the upcoming transition to the Biden administration in January.
NEUT9|I'm not contradicting my opinion that Palantir will benefit no matter who occupies the White House, but it's likely that no government contracts will be forthcoming until after the inauguration, and the company doesn't report earnings again until February.
NEUT10|That means, regardless of what level of business the company will receive, nothing much will be happening in terms of breaking news.
NEUT11|Put it all together.
NEUT12|Now is a time to nibble on Palantir stock.
BEAR13|If the stock drops a little, you may want to buy a little more.
NEUT14|That's what's been happening this week in the world of Palantir.
NEUT15|Stock analysis and price prediction.
NEUT16|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of Palantir.
NEUT17|Stock analysis and price prediction.
NEUT18|If you enjoyed this edition of Palantir, stock analysis and price prediction, leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL19|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT20|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT21|"Check out last week's Palantir Stock analysis and price prediction by checking out our Palantir playlist."""
