BULL0|"""Zomedica could triple in price in the coming months."
NEUT1|Give me 3 minutes of your time and I will tell you why they will triple and what to look for so that you don't miss out on this move.
BULL2|There is a huge catalyst coming soon for Zomedica and analysts are predicting huge revenue growth in the coming years.
NEUT3|If you don't know about zomedica, they're a veterinary diagnostic and pharmaceutical company and they have been getting a lot of attention recently because of their new technology called True Form A.
NEUT4|This is a diagnostic testing platform that veterinarians will use and they are working to develop this technology so that it can work with diabetes and other infectious diseases.
NEUT5|Like rabies and the more diseases they can get this technology to work with, the more revenue it's going to be able to generate them, and the more valuable this technology will be to veterinarians.
BULL6|True form is actually going to be launching this month, which means that they are now going to be able to begin generating revenue, which is a big deal because in 2020 they actually had zero revenue, and actually an analyst projects $15.5 million in revenue by December 2022, which would likely get them to profitability.
NEUT7|If not very close to it.
NEUT8|But before then I expect a catalyst to come out shortly after true form is launched.
NEUT9|As we get more feedback from veterinarians on the product and what they say will have a big effect on the price.
BULL10|And if it's positive it will be a huge catalyst to move the stock.
BEAR11|There is also been a lot of institutional interest in Zomedica in the month of February 14 institutions have added onto their positions, including Royal Bank of Canada, BlackRock and Morgan Stanley and just seven institutions have decreased their positions.
BEAR12|I always make it a criteria of mine to be invested into the stocks that have a lot more institutions buying than selling because they have thousands of analysts working for them and resource is that the average retail trader doesn't have access to, so I always want to be invested into stocks with the smart money behind them, zomedica reported their 2020 year end result and they had negative earnings of $16.9 million.
BEAR13|But this was an improvement over last year and a lot of people expected their earnings to be even worse than this.
BULL14|So when the actual results came out that they were better than expected.
BULL15|The stock price gapped up over 13% the next day, which is a real example of the famous saying by the rumor sell the news only in this case it was sell the rumor by the news.
BEAR16|So now in the Charter zomedica we can see that we gapped up with the news of their year end result and we broke out of this bull flag on the higher timeframes.
BULL17|We can see that we're still making bullish structure and now that we've broken out of this flag, I can definitely see us returning to the highs that were made last month.
BULL18|And I have actually added onto my position here because as long as the market stays stable.
BULL19|We should return to the highs that were made, especially with the momentum that we now have behind the stock.
BULL20|I expect to see this type of higher high, higher low structure on the hourly timeframe as we return up to that level.
BEAR21|Looking at the negative point of view, I will be selling this position if we come back down and break this support level.
BULL22|Overall, the technicals look great and with true formal launching this month the institutions buying up shares and the momentum that we have around this stock, I think that we will retest the highs made and in the longer term.
BULL23|If we get positive feedback from true form a week and triple in price and hit $6 per share in the coming months, so that's my analysis.
NEUT24|Consider subscribing if you're new an leave a comment down below if you enjoyed the video.
NEUT25|"With that being said, I'll see you guys next time."""
