NEUT0|"""Bloomberg analyst Mike Mcglone presented a forecast for the behavior of the price of Bitcoin."
BULL1|According to him, the price of Bitcoin BTC stabilizes around nine times the value of a Troy ounce of gold.
BULL2|Considering that the precious metal is currently worth about Dollar 2000 per Troy oz, Bitcoin could eventually rise to dollar 18,000.
NEUT3|The analyst believes that the one cryptocurrency looks interlude and he bases his forecast on a record correlation between the price of a Troy ounce of gold and the value of Bitcoin mid loan is of the opinion that Bitcoin is digital gold as cryptocurrency has the same properties as the precious metal, it's about rarity and also about a slope is increasing.
NEUT4|The supply of these assets.
BULL5|It is also emphasized that monetary easing of the central banks of a number of countries can turn out to be a positive moment for cryptocurrencies in general.
BULL6|The analyst also said that gold could potentially rise in price to dollar 3000.
BULL7|Giving a more bullish forecast than experts at Goldman Sachs who believe that in the next 12 months a Troy ounce of the precious metal will rise to dollar two point 3000 with still uncertain prospects for the future dynamics of the asset.
NEUT8|Another analyst Mati Greenspan, former Conomique strategist Totoro.
BEAR9|And now the founder of consultancy Quantum Economics, Notes a record weakening of the correlation between Bitcoin and the SP 500, according to data from his letter to investors from 5 August.
NEUT10|If earlier this year we saw the correlation between Bitcoin and the SP 500.
BEAR11|At a record level since 2011 that is at around 0.6 now it is less than 0.2.
BEAR12|Bitcoin Mania is back.
BULL13|Also according to Bloomberg, Bitcoin Mini returned in its most blooming form.
BULL14|Bitcoin price is once again showing growth along with other assets such as risky stocks and gold, which have already reached an all time high after briefly surpassing the dollar 12,000 level and a quick rebond Bitcoin briefly returned to the dollar 10,000 range.
BULL15|Now the prices, again confidently approaching resistance at dollar 12,000.
NEUT16|In general, the Bloomberg article does not explain exactly what the Bitcoin mania is and how long it will linger, but this publication can hardly be called an ordinary coincidence.
NEUT17|According to the chief market strategist of Miller, Tabak Co. Matt Miley.
NEUT18|If the price now falls and then rises and breaks the resistance at dollar 12,000, the scenario could become clearly optimistic.
BEAR19|It looks like Bitcoin price increase this unit related to external and unforeseen circumstances.
NEUT20|In this case, there are fundamental reasons related to the current monetary policy of states.
NEUT21|"And May 11 having 551 vote."""
