NEUT0|"""Here's another story with Stem so stemming the currently the stock ticker symbol is STP K There merging together."
NEUT1|So Stem Inc is merging with Star Peak Energy Transition Corp and on Stems Twitter page.
NEUT2|They had a new from new post about.
NEUT3|What they see in the energy storage space over the next couple of years from their VP program, OBS and this interview with this high level person at Stem explains how they see Joe Biden's infrastructure bill, how they see this actually benefiting the energy storage business and what they're explaining is that right now past year, we've seen a lot that's going on with California.
NEUT4|The rolling blackouts there.
BEAR5|The taxes power grid crisis with the cold front that went through when millions of people lost power.
NEUT6|And they're saying that right now with all of that going on, it really sets the stage for STEM Inc to have a massive massive rest of 2021.
NEUT7|And in the next couple of years 'cause they're saying a lot of these issues that have been in the background for awhile now have really come to the forefront.
NEUT8|And now this is where stemming in their Athena technology, their their platform really steps into place.
NEUT9|They say that.
NEUT10|Is where they can benefit California taxes.
NEUT11|All these different power grids and this is what they do.
BULL12|They're going to help and relieve alleviate stress.
NEUT13|From the electric power grid and not only that, but they are explaining the VP explained how the bind administration.
BULL14|They're focusing a lot on green energy and spending money on the power grid and on electric vehicles and all of this is definitely going to help stemming.
BEAR15|So first of all, the stock price currently has dropped pretty significantly from highs earlier in the year of about $50 a share.
NEUT16|Now it's more in the mid 20s, but with the Joe Biden administration.
NEUT17|Pushing for a multi trillion dollar infrastructure bill that spends close to five hundred $600 billion on either electric vehicles.
NEUT18|The power grid infant like things like that.
NEUT19|That is a lot of money that's going to directly or even indirectly benefit stemming.
NEUT20|'cause first of all, if you have more electric vehicles, that means you're going to have more chart like more people are going to be charging vehicles at their homes or at charging stations.
BEAR21|More people charging vehicles that consumes more electricity puts more pressure on.
BEAR22|The power grid more strain on the power grid.
NEUT23|The only way to alleviate that is going to be with stemming their AI technology with Athena distribute, you know, telling the systems when to use energy from the power grid versus when to use energy from, let's say battery sources or solar panels, or from wind energy.
BULL24|So all of this is definitely going to help, and it's everything that's going on right now between the Joe Biden administration between what happened in taxes in California, according their VP of Program.
NEUT25|They say that this is definitely going to.
BULL26|"Benefit Stem Inc. Moving forward and they see this as a big big win for the company and for the stock over the next couple of years."""
