NEUT0|"""Fools exchange traded funds have taken the investing world by storm, but a number of investors don't really understand how they work."
NEUT1|How exactly do ETF's work and how can you use them to make your portfolio returns even better than they are?
NEUT2|My name is Dan Caplinger.
NEUT3|I'm the Motley Fool's director of investment planning, and today I'm going to take a look at ETF's with an idea of trying to get a sense of what they can do to help you know.
NEUT4|Basically, ETF's are a lot like their mutual fund cousins.
NEUT5|They both represent small shares.
NEUT6|A broader portfolios that let you get diversified exposure to certain asset class with a relatively small investment, but there are some subtle differences to the way the ETF's work and basically the biggest one is that ETF shares are available for buying or selling throughout the trading day was supposed to mutual funds that were only available to buy or sell at the market close, and that gives people a lot of flexibility.
NEUT7|But it also presents a potential challenge because with ETF shares you never guaranteed.
NEUT8|That you're actually getting the value of the underlying assets when you buy or sell shares on the open market.
NEUT9|Basically that turns to the way the ETF shares are created and redeemed.
NEUT10|Basically with ETS.
NEUT11|You're never working directly with the Mutual Fund Company, instead you're working with what's called an authorized participant.
NEUT12|That's able to create or redeem shares in the ETF at will now depend on the ETF, the way that system works differs so with an equity based.
NEUT13|ETF.
NEUT14|Basically, you're talking about companies either coming up with cash or stocks in order to exchange for ETF shares with an ETF like the iShares Silver Trust or the Spider Gold Trust.
NEUT15|What you be talking bout is giving gold or silver bullion in exchange for ETF shares and basically the arbitrage process helps to keep those prices in line.
NEUT16|But what that means is that you have to have an ETF that is traded frequently enough to give authorized participants.
NEUT17|The incentive to keep those prices in line.
NEUT18|Otherwise you might not be getting fair value when you buy or sell ETF shares on the open market and that's why it's generally a good idea to stick with in most liquidly traded ETF's in the market, ETS, like the Spider SMP 500, the Vanguard total stock market that have a lot of trading happening to keep those prices in line.
NEUT19|But if you're smart about the ETF's you pick, they can really give you diversified exposure, help you create a portfolio that will meet your needs.
NEUT20|For the long run now for more on ETS and smart investing, be sure to stay tuned to fool.com for more tips.
BULL21|"Thanks for watching and Foulon."""
