NEUT0|"""What do we know about Tesla's venture in India here Katrina?"
NEUT1|Well, you're right, we don't actually know a whole lot officially.
NEUT2|There's been a lot of blog posts and also some of substantiated speculation in local media that the company is in discussions with state officials but is yet to decide on an Indian base.
NEUT3|We've heard that perhaps they're looking at opening an office or some showrooms, or perhaps even a research and development center, possibly a factory, although that seems to be a little bit lower on the list of speculation.
NEUT4|But last week, Elon Musk.
BULL5|Responded to a blog post with the words as promised and this really sparked a lot of excitement in India.
NEUT6|There's even an India Tesla fan Club and those members were super excited.
NEUT7|Some of those people have had Tesla EV's on order since as early as 2016 and they still waiting.
NEUT8|The possibility of getting these cars.
NEUT9|Tesla representative in Beijing though declined to comment so there's still a lot that we don't actually know.
NEUT10|It's not going to be straightforward Katrina.
NEUT11|I mean what are some of the challenges Tesla faces in trying to correct this market?
NEUT12|So there are a number of key challenges that Kessler is going to face in India, particularly when you look at Tesla's success in China, which is now the world's biggest market for TV's and Tesla is basically the best selling car there when you're looking at electric vehicles.
NEUT13|One of the main hurdles that they're going to face in India is the charging infrastructure.
NEUT14|According to the IEA, about 60% of the most fast and slow charging spots are in China.
NEUT15|India just doesn't have that sort of infrastructure.
NEUT16|And the government has committed some money, but not nearly as much as China to developing these spots where you would actually be able to charge one of these electric cars if you had it.
NEUT17|The other issues that kids was going to face in India is cost.
NEUT18|Lately, particularly making premium electric vehicles and.
NEUT19|Yeah, most of the cars are sold in the 10,000 and under bracket, so this is putting the kids was pretty much out of reach of the vast majority of people everyday people in India.
BEAR20|"We've had analysts forecast that even their most affordable car will only likely appeal to about 1% of the market, so it's an uphill battle."""
