BULL0|"""Hello and welcome back to the notes and we have had a very dramatic day to start the week of very big move towards risk appetite once more and there's absolutely no secret where that's coming from."
NEUT1|The epicenter is the UK and its referendum on whether to stay in the European Union, which will be happening on Thursday of this week.
NEUT2|Now as you can see from this first chart here, which shows you daily moves in Sterling against the dollar we have had today, the biggest day for Sterling, the strongest rise against the dollar.
NEUT3|Since the crisis in 2008, a quite historic rise that as you will see, is plainly being driven by perceptions about the risk of Brexit.
NEUT4|If we take a look at this next chart, which compares the Sterling dollar rate with the perceived odds of Brexit as tracked by oddschecker from online betting sites, you can see that in the last few months since the referendum was actually called, since we've had a date, those two lines have obviously been very closely related to each other.
BULL5|There has been an extremely sharp move towards betting that the that the UK really is going to stay in Europe and that has been followed by a move in Sterling.
NEUT6|Now it's not just about Sterling and British assets.
BULL7|You've also seen a rise in bond yields of the core European countries of the US.
BEAR8|You've seen a fall in bond yields of the peripheral European countries.
BULL9|We've seen a rise in stocks around the world.
BEAR10|We've seen a fall in gold, a very broad generalized move towards.
BULL11|Greater risk appetite.
NEUT12|I would like to caution.
NEUT13|You won't be surprised that this is perhaps overdone, at least at this point.
BEAR14|The polling evidence at this moment suggests that things are moving back towards the Remain camp, but they still suggest a dead heat.
BEAR15|Now polls in the UK have been wrong before they were very wrong.
NEUT16|Only a year ago when we had a general election in the UK, there is only one precedent for a UK referendum on whether to stay in the EU and that was back in 1975.
BEAR17|We are effectively in unprecedented territory.
NEUT18|Also.
NEUT19|I think a lot of people are putting.
NEUT20|A lot of weight on the referendum in Scotland over whether to stay in the UK of two years ago.
BULL21|There you saw a few polls suggesting that the Scots might actually vote to leave a few weeks before the referendum and in the end the vote to stay with the UK was surprisingly comfortable.
NEUT22|I would caution against that.
NEUT23|If you want another president, which is quite different back in 1992 you had one of the biggest political upsets in the UK when.
BULL24|The polls the week before the general election of 92 suggested that Labour were going to win quite comfortably unseat the Conservatives who had been in for a long time.
NEUT25|What appeared to happen at that point was that many people who previously weren't planning to bother to vote decided they were prepared to vote and turn out for Conservatives and Conservatives in a big upset held on to power, it's quite possible that the sentiment at this point that Britain will remain, after all, will prompt plenty of people who weren't.
NEUT26|Sure where they're going to vote to turn out and vote to leave.
BEAR27|"So while I do understand why we've seen this move towards risk, some of the edifice that is being constructed on this, I've even seen broken notes suggesting that the trades they were recommending putting on Friday in the result of a Remain vote should be put on now far too much, I think is being built on this far too soon."""
