BEAR0|"""There are emerging market economies out there who will face payments difficulties, refinancing issues, and perhaps struggle with normalized their economy with vaccination, so that unfortunately is going to be a reality of 2021, but thankfully that will not be the only reality."
NEUT1|I think the overarching narrative for 2021 would be normalization and reflation, and in both cases I think the ingredients are in place.
BULL2|We have proactive fiscal and monetary policy.
NEUT3|Worldwide, we have vaccination rolling out and the expectation that you know this.
BEAR4|This mismatch of supply demand where supplies disrupted because of the covid reality.
BULL5|But demand is picking up because people are getting paychecks from governments and are becoming a little more confident, optimistic about the future that Confluence could create a bit of an inflationary backdrop for 2021, which in my view in a small dose is a pretty good thing for the world economy.
BULL6|And certainly the expectations for a pickup in inflation are certainly matching what you're saying there tamer.
NEUT7|The problem is, while a number of central banks would perhaps like a little of inflation in the system, be careful what you wish for, and you probably want don't want too much, is too much inflation something that could be on the cards this year?
BEAR8|So it's unlikely we would have to get, you know, a few things going wrong at the same time.
NEUT9|I mean, it's the idea that you know investments will keep on lagging.
NEUT10|I think is not correct because cost of financing is low.
NEUT11|There's ample liquidity, so there's no reason if demand were to pick up, that investment will not follow.
BEAR12|Similarly, on the issue of energy or food, where there could be temporary supply demand dislocation that can create some inflation.
BEAR13|We've seen energy prices rebound.
BEAR14|We've seen some pickup in soybean Anne rice prices in.
BULL15|Recent months, but again, I think there is enough production capacity in the world and enough investment in the pipeline that that could balance those things out.
BEAR16|The other area where there is the risk of inflation is you know the broad asset price inflation spilling over into properties and affecting people's affordability for accommodation.
NEUT17|I think that probably is on the cards.
NEUT18|If you are going to have prolonged periods of stimulus measures in place, one of the easiest areas where we see buoyancy is the property sector, and we could probably see initially in the residential side and then spilling over to commercial real estate and and that in my view is not something that affects people.
NEUT19|Pocketbooks on a day to day basis, but on the margin.
NEUT20|Housing affordability can become a source of social concern down the road, so I would put those concerns aside for 2021.
BULL21|Again, I think if we can get out of the deflationary risk zone to some degree of inflation, that's all good.
BEAR22|But I think we should also hasten the point that a prolonged period of person flip persistent inflation would be very damaging for the global economy and create massive financial stability concerns.
BEAR23|But that's a hopefully a 2020 to 2023 headache, not at 2021.
NEUT24|"Set of concern."""
