NEUT0|"""What is a value chain?"
NEUT1|A string of collaborating players who work together to satisfy market demands for specific products or services is called a value chain.
NEUT2|The intent of a value chain is to increase the value of a product or service.
NEUT3|Value chains integrate a variety of supply chain activities throughout the product or service lifecycle, such as determination of customer needs, production, distribution, marketing and after sales service.
NEUT4|What is a value stream?
NEUT5|It is a sequence of activities required to design, produce, and deliver a good or service to the market.
NEUT6|It may be controlled by a single business or by a network of several businesses.
NEUT7|For a product value stream encompasses raw material supplier manufacturer and distribution network.
NEUT8|For a service value stream consists of suppliers, technology, service producer and distribution channel.
NEUT9|What is value stream mapping?
NEUT10|It is a two step process.
NEUT11|First you draw the value stream map or flow of your current supply chain and then you draw an improved and most effective flow for your product or service.
NEUT12|What is Porter's value chain?
NEUT13|Porter's value chain focuses on systems and how inputs are changed into the output.
NEUT14|Using this viewpoint, Porter described a chain of activities that are common to all businesses, and he divided them into two types of activities, primary activities and support activities.
NEUT15|It is illustrated in this figure.
NEUT16|Primary activities they are related to the physical creation, sale, maintenance and support of a product or service.
NEUT17|They consist of inbound logistics operations, outbound logistics, marketing and sales and service.
NEUT18|Inbound logistics are the process is related to receiving, storing and distributing inputs.
NEUT19|Operations are the activities that change inputs into outputs.
NEUT20|Here operational systems create value outbound.
NEUT21|Logistics are the activities that deliver your product or service to your customer.
NEUT22|Marketing and sales are the processes you use to persuade clients to purchase from you instead of your competitors.
NEUT23|Service are the activities related to aftersales service.
NEUT24|Support activities they support the primary activities in our diagram.
NEUT25|The dotted lines show that each support activity plays a role in each primary activity.
NEUT26|For example, procurement supports operations with certain activities, but it also supports marketing and sales with other activities.
NEUT27|Support activities, our procurement or purchasing human resource management, technological development and infrastructure.
NEUT28|Procurements is what the organization does to get the resource is it needs to operate.
NEUT29|This includes finding vendors and negotiating best prices.
NEUT30|Human Resource management is how well a company recruits, trains, motivates, and rewards its workers.
NEUT31|Technological development activities relate to managing and processing information, and infrastructure is a company support systems and the functions that allow it to maintain daily operations.
NEUT32|"For example, accounting, legal, administrative and general management."""
