NEUT0|"""Since the financial crisis markets have slowly but inexorably been changed by regulation."
NEUT1|What does it mean for one of the market's biggest actors asset managers with me to talk about?
NEUT2|It is urgent sing Michelle Senior advisor and capital markets at the Investment Association.
NEUT3|Urgent welcome.
NEUT4|So what is the cumulative impact of all these layers of regulation?
BEAR5|Well, insofar as a buy side is concerned, there are there been two unintended consequences, one in regards to monetary policy and the low interest rate environment.
NEUT6|If you look at from 2708 once.
NEUT7|Once interest rates have gone down.
BULL8|That we on the buy side had record sales of fixed income funds.
BULL9|So we've been increasing our Holdings of corporate bonds in sovereign bonds and so on.
BEAR10|But one of the other unintended consequences of Prudential Regulation placed upon banks has led to a D risking and a deleveraging of bank balance sheets precisely in corporate bonds and sovereign bonds, so this has led to an asset class mismatch between the buy side and the sell side.
NEUT11|If it's becoming a bigger part of the market, earning more revenues from it.
NEUT12|This is by definition make the industry systemic.
NEUT13|It's always important to recall that the revenues generated by some managers and markets are not revenues for asset managers.
NEUT14|They are returns generated by a clients revenues generated by some managers come from the sales of funds.
NEUT15|Now the systemic question as institutions and businesses asset managers are not systemic and the reason for that is if you look at the balance sheet of an asset management compared to the balance sheet of the bank, a bank's balance sheet is normally a multiple of an asset managers balance sheet.
NEUT16|And the reason is that the assets managed by an asset manager do not sit on our balance sheet.
NEUT17|They are held in segregated accounts by a by a custodian.
NEUT18|And what that?
NEUT19|What that means is that we're an asset management company.
NEUT20|To go down, the clients assets would never be touched.
NEUT21|That does not mean to say that we do not bring any sort of risk, as any economic agent on financial markets, we bring a certain element of risk, but those those market based activities will be mitigated.
NEUT22|By method going forward and some of the other areas globally with that regular looking at of course is where you can never run on a fund that uses a great European success story.
NEUT23|And there are one of the tools provided in usage is to manage a redemption.
NEUT24|Now if the banks are moving out of the market, you're becoming a bigger part of the market's opportunities there to maybe participate directly, maybe with the counterparty and bypass that intermediary.
NEUT25|But what are some of the trade offs here?
NEUT26|One of the bigger trade offs that we that we see in financial markets is of course market data.
NEUT27|What this assumes is that there's equality of access to market data and the quality of ability to pay for market data.
BULL28|Now, if you use the equity market as an example, the price for market data had been rising for a number of years now, where the revenue generated, for example by the London Stock Exchange from market data, non transactional services is now a greater proportion than it's ever been previously.
NEUT29|You have this model was applied to fixed income.
BEAR30|This would increase frictional costs for asset managers which have a direct impact on the revenues that we can generate for our clients.
BULL31|Arjun thank you very much.
BULL32|"Thank you."""
