NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL4|Well, another very nice day here for Apple higher highs, higher lows, and that's really all you can ask for.
NEUT5|So definitely some updates need to be done first thing to do.
NEUT6|Those little house cleaning just get rid of that line down there from a previous video.
NEUT7|Sure, that level pertains just not relevant right now.
NEUT8|And from a presentation standpoint I don't want to risk causing clutter and confusion 'cause there's lines are very long, so let's try to keep this analysis as clean as possible.
NEUT9|The 1st update though that doesn't come about based on a foundational role in charting which states when levels of resistance are broken and closed.
NEUT10|Above you want to see them access support so those you that was previous videos talked about this area right here as a resistance.
NEUT11|But I mean you can't make this stuff up.
BEAR12|Check it out that first 30 minutes pulled back.
NEUT13|I mean you could throw this right into a textbook, talk about a classic example of this resistance now acting as support.
NEUT14|So that's not going to be the ideal love of sport.
BULL15|Meaning going forward he would make this chart look the absolute best going forward.
BEAR16|Well, yeah, if it can stay up above that line now, don't get me wrong, if it falls below that doesn't mean the entire charts epically destroyed, but yet the price could say above there.
NEUT17|That would be a great sign of power looking at all of this from the bigger picture point of view though, that is with the Purple line comes into play, the 50.
NEUT18|Simple moving average keyword being moving.
NEUT19|So as time goes by that line is going to move itself higher and higher.
NEUT20|Which is very helpful because when it comes to engaging the health of the overall move that right there would be defined as the overall move.
NEUT21|Just watch that Purple Line as long as the price stays above that line as align itself moves higher and higher than the Bulls are in full health, the bulls are in full control over us.
NEUT22|Visualize that that is what is being represented now as far as areas of resistance are concerned.
NEUT23|At this point I'm just going to say don't matter what do I mean by that?
NEUT24|What matters the most is what the price continues to do, and that's this right here.
NEUT25|As long as the price continues to build those higher loads, or if you want to Jesus Terra steps.
NEUT26|So as long as there are steps continue to be constructed in the.
NEUT27|The upward struction then, given enough time, everything else will eventually take care of itself, including breaking levels of resistance, so folks, unhealthy consolidations, folks in just chipping away with higher bases and sit back and let the overall trend do its thing.
NEUT28|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT29|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT30|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss.
BULL31|Including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT32|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT33|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR34|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT35|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT36|And yeah, the third key when you hear it.
NEUT37|Sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT38|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT39|That is again totally live.
NEUT40|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT41|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT42|If you have any questions.
NEUT43|"Let me know if not I'll be seeing you soon."""
