NEUT0|"""In ether looking at this and saying less regulation rather more, which is good news?"
NEUT1|But how do you decide whether or not this is indeed a security?
NEUT2|Yeah, I mean the SEC typically looks at things like is there a company behind an asset that is benefiting from the the money that is raised through trading, issuing that security and that's been a real test with a lot of these cryptocurrencies.
BEAR3|I mean, clearly Bitcoin is sort of moved far away enough away from any particular entity or person benefiting from its share out from its rally price.
NEUT4|Rallying.
NEUT5|There were some questions about Ethereum and ether whether whether there was an entity benefiting from that so.
BULL6|This is good news for investors and we also see gains in ripples.
NEUT7|SRP token as well another.
NEUT8|So this is really interesting because I actually covered content on the SEC and they wouldn't give a clear signal.
NEUT9|So the fact that it took him this long to finally establish that Ethereum is not a security is great.
NEUT10|I'm really happy, but the news that we're really looking for is custodian ship and hopefully some sort of ETF so.
NEUT11|Institutional money can invest in the crypto space, but it does obviously reduce a little of my concerns.
NEUT12|Being an American and I've been basically during this downturn, just buying 4 main coins and it's the Coinbase ones.
NEUT13|Very bland, very boring, but I've been buying Bitcoin an almost the same amount of Ethereum as Bitcoin and then my other two purchases are Bitcoin, Litecoin, Litecoin.
NEUT14|Bitcoin cash and a little bit of Z cash as well, and that's pretty much it.
BULL15|That's what I've been doing in this downturn and I hope more good news will come so we can get a rebound and hopefully a price recovery.
NEUT16|But like I said, I don't see this as a major market mover.
NEUT17|We need more clear regulations that allow the first crypto ETF to be set up and it will probably happen in other financial markets outside of the US, but once it.
NEUT18|Does come to the US, and this news is kind of like leading up to it because they're being more clear it is going to be easier and easier with time, and I believe there's certain companies that have tried three times to get a crypto ETF set up, so eventually it's going to come through, which is great, but let me know your thoughts on this and I will talk to you guys soon.
BULL19|"Thank you very much for watching."""
