NEUT0|"""Another Main Street adoption of cryptocurrencies an this time it is MoneyGram getting in on the action."
BULL1|Shares of MoneyGram climbed the most in 10 months after saying was working with the blockchain startup Ripple, it'll be testing the use of cryptocurrency to move funds.
NEUT2|Let's bring in our Bloomberg editor at large Corey Johnson who is in New York who's been covering this story so they mentioned speedier transactions here.
NEUT3|Corey what does this mean?
NEUT4|So when I you know when I first ever heard about Bitcoin I first thought about Bitcoin I think for a lot of people the first notion of Bitcoin.
NEUT5|And then later cryptocurrency and blockchain.
NEUT6|You gotta think about the business of Western Union and MoneyGram moving money across borders, getting it there quickly with lower fees.
NEUT7|If you are a foreign worker, work in the US.
NEUT8|They're trying to get money home to your family.
NEUT9|You go to the 711 and try to transfer money using using MoneyGram using Western Union, Western Union store.
BEAR10|The fees are enormous and outrageous and the process is slow.
NEUT11|The idea that you could move money like you could move email as a dream and that's what Bitcoin seem to promise.
BEAR12|That certainly Ripple seems to promise MoneyGram and Ripple are absolutely in competition with each other.
NEUT13|To see.
BULL14|These two businesses come together and see MoneyGram look at a way to move money faster is an amazing thing.
NEUT15|It will give them a leg up over competitors like Western Union, but it also massively erodes their business model is interesting to see these guys, I think probably smartly recognized that they've got to get ahead of this training tracks so you know, we've spoken to the Ripple CEO recently.
NEUT16|Let's take a listen to what he had to say.
NEUT17|About the future of cryptocurrency as he sees it.
BULL18|There's no doubt 2017 has been, you know, amongst other things, the year of crypto and within the year of Crypto, XRP has outperformed every other digital asset out there.
BEAR19|So year to date as your as that chart show drop about 20,000%.
NEUT20|It's interesting to compare Bitcoin to, you know, a slower sort of credit card like transaction.
BULL21|Do you think that crypto currencies like Ripple or Ethereum could surpass Bitcoin or come close?
NEUT22|Look I, I think that that you know that's why this show exists, right?
NEUT23|It's so we can have an understanding of what these technologies are, not just so squiggly lines in a screen.
NEUT24|And when we get to a place where talking about the efficacy of blockchain technologies and even currencies.
NEUT25|That use blockchain rather than the prices up the prices down.
NEUT26|That's when we've elevated into a conversation about actually what these things are and what they might be as a business.
NEUT27|I thought it was really interesting what codec and say I talked to the CEO of MoviePass, so the company that owns MoviePass it movie Pass is a really interesting startup that actually have a public structure that's very complicated.
NEUT28|The business of MoviePass is really simple as Netflix for the physical movie theater by one of the Netflix Co.
NEUT29|Founders and I talked to the CEO of Movie Movie Past yesterday about their notions of using blockchain.
NEUT30|And what they're actually going to do with it, as is supposed to talk about it and listen to what he had to say about how blockchain might change business.
NEUT31|It is the 20% more valuable than it was yesterday.
NEUT32|You know, it's worth more.
BEAR33|I think the public doesn't quite understand that we're on the verge of disrupting the whole way.
NEUT34|Not only the way you go to movies, but the whole distribution of content.
NEUT35|And that's the thing, it's the notion distribution of content and not just how MoviePass might use something in blockchain.
NEUT36|And they say they're going to do the nine months, but how lots of businesses out there fully expecting to hear from lots of other companies about how to use this technology to solve old problems?
NEUT37|"Then we can get away from squiggly lines in a stock price and actually understand how technology is changing business."""
