NEUT0|"""This is a base case."
BEAR1|I think there are downside and upside risk to this, but so far we are already starting to see some signs of activity falter and some of the high frequency things we track things like our own card spending data, a variety of other daily measures are sewing, showing a little bit of softening here early early to mid November and we do think there's a risk that nice giving could essentially be a super spreader event so that as we get into.
BULL2|The December we could see case counts increased further, which will weigh on active in the holiday season, and I think while there surely will be a lot of online spending to take the place of brick and mortar spending that won't help service providers, things like restaurants and so forth.
BEAR3|So we do think some of the consumer service categories could falter here as we turn the year.
NEUT4|Of course nothing like what we saw.
NEUT5|What we saw in the spring.
NEUT6|Of course.
BULL7|I think we have learned many ways the economy can operate alongside the virus much better than we did in the spring.
NEUT8|Nonetheless, you know to get to get a modest contraction, it only takes.
BULL9|Pretty small deviation year in activity, particularly as we head into the holiday season.
NEUT10|So Mike, how unusual is this to go from?
NEUT11|And again, everything is different with the pandemic, but it's just interesting to me that when we start to get these negative growth forecasts, the markets totally shrugging it off.
NEUT12|I mean, does it make sense to you that investors are saying we're just looking past this?
NEUT13|We're looking to the vaccine.
NEUT14|I hear people using the term boom.
NEUT15|Now that's Mike Dart over at MKM he says next year could be an economic boom.
NEUT16|So is the first quarter one step back with potentially a big leap forward to com?
BEAR17|Essentially, yes, that's I don't disagree with that view, and we we recently revised off our views on second and third quarter growth, in part because we have increased confidence that the vaccine will be broadly available by the end of the third quarter.
BULL18|We also are feeling moderate, moderately more confident that we will get some further fiscal stimulus next year, so you know.
NEUT19|So to be sure.
NEUT20|And then maybe I should have clarified that in response to the first question.
BEAR21|This is a temporary faltering.
NEUT22|We're looking for around the turn of the year, and we do think as we as we get to the spring.
BULL23|That things are looking up quite a bit again because mostly because of the vaccine and the good news we've had there, but also because of some increased.
BULL24|Hopes on fiscal stimulus.
BULL25|So to the extent markets are forward looking, I think it is appropriate to a certain degree, of course, to shrug off the near term news and focus on the longer term outlook in the longer term, outlook is improving.
NEUT26|I have no I agree with that target.
NEUT27|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT28|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
