NEUT0|"""Ben, first of all, what does the agency have the power to do?"
NEUT1|What is the agency likely to do?
NEUT2|Sure, so you know.
NEUT3|First off, what we know so far is the SEC hasn't acknowledged that it is indeed investigating.
NEUT4|Tesla has not done so we reported and other media have as well that there is a probe looking into Elon Musk's tweets back back early last month.
NEUT5|So the SEC has power to do everything from fining individuals or companies responsible for wrongdoing.
NEUT6|All the way up to what executives really consider to be kind of the ultimate penalty, which is some type of temporary, even permanent, banned from serving as a director or as an executive at a company where we understand I'm just talking to people who kind of pay attention to these types of cases is with what we know so far.
NEUT7|It doesn't seem likely that based on the you know the fact pattern around these tweets, so that's the kind of direction that the SEC might go in.
NEUT8|All that said, we don't know where this will go.
NEUT9|This is, you know, a probe that the SEC itself has not even acknowledged.
NEUT10|It's early on and you know what we'll see where things go, but it doesn't seem likely that based on what we know, the SEC would go there.
NEUT11|Because ultimately, as you mentioned, shareholders would bear the ultimate brunt.
NEUT12|And also there's no suggestion at all that Mr. Musk somehow benefited financially from some insider information and what he actually did.
NEUT13|By tweeting out, you know that funding was secured in early August.
NEUT14|What about the bigger picture?
NEUT15|I mean, you know other analysts, former SEC lawyers have told us that the speed with which the SEC moved here when they when.
NEUT16|They issued that subpoena was quite fast and meant that clearly they had another open inquiry or or open investigation.
NEUT17|We believe that could be related to model three production, So what about the bigger picture of what the SEC is interested in?
NEUT18|Yeah, so we reported that the SEC's enforcement attorneys out in San Francisco were already looking into some of the company's statements about production goals and performance metrics, even before Mr Must Tweet.
NEUT19|What happens, though is once kind of enforcement investigation gets going.
NEUT20|It's kind of like a black box, and we ultimately don't really know where things are going to go.
NEUT21|It's common that there's a lot of back and forth between.
NEUT22|Certainly you know the the attorneys for the company, the attorneys from Mr. Musk and the agency they're going to be kind of a requesting some lots of documents, lots of information, eventually.
NEUT23|"If the SEC does decide to go somewhere with this, you know, then we'll get a better idea, but it could be months or years away."""
