NEUT0|"""I want to turn now to Yahoo Finance's Ethan Wolfman."
NEUT1|He's here to tell us about all of the biggest investing lessons from this year.
BULL2|Hey, Ethan.
NEUT3|So I was thinking about 2020 and obviously I think there are a lot of opportunities to have some takeaways and some learnings.
NEUT4|Obviously there's no guarantee of learning a lesson after a trying experience, but we can at least try, and I think the biggest one is that you know, just a complete master class in the fact that we cannot see the future in our terrible at predicting.
NEUT5|This is something that we obviously know academically but constantly are making errors like that.
NEUT6|One thing that I think is really interesting is you know, even if some of the forecast earlier you know in 2019 looking at 2020 were to see some you know, bullish things like we see now who would have predicted you know the pandemic take hold.
NEUT7|And still finish with this incredible bullishness.
NEUT8|I mean, I, I think that.
NEUT9|I think that coming into 2021 a large dose of real humility is a big lesson.
NEUT10|I think.
NEUT11|Also, you know, the unthinkable really can happen.
NEUT12|I think there was some American exceptionalism that came in thinking that oh what happened in China won't happen here.
NEUT13|We saw that at least from our political leaders.
NEUT14|And then I think as the market was in denial in the early stages before it crashed.
NEUT15|And then I think I'm more sort of personal finance note.
NEUT16|It's worth thinking about dollar, cost averaging and rebalancing.
BULL17|Really look good for individual investors coming out of this.
NEUT18|You would have done very, very well to have continued buying on a regular basis.
BULL19|For one, K is a great example of that and you re balancing when the market crashed would have worked really well.
BULL20|I think that the last thing I really want to highlight is we have a lot of new investors in the market that may have made some mistakes early on, but you know I've been hearing from a lot of investment advisers that people are doing a lot better.
NEUT21|One thing that will, you know one hand that will come home to roost.
BULL22|A bit later is the fact that capital gains for people who have been day trading that is going to be a perhaps unexpected expense for people who have are lucky enough to have gains.
NEUT23|As you know, owning for less than a year results in a different tax treatment, and obviously you know we don't usually have money withheld, so I I think there's a lot to learn and probably lessons will be continuing to make themselves clear.
NEUT24|You know, I had to laugh, Ethan when you mentioned capital gains, taxes matter because you and I talk about taxes quite a bit on Yahoo Finance an it's interesting.
BEAR25|I have seen a lot of new traders in this market deciding to day trade in 2020 as they were sitting at home and it is one of the things that I have seen a lot of folks forgetting about the tax time will be coming around and Uncle Sam will definitely be wanting his cut.
NEUT26|You can all read about those investing lessons for 2020 on at yahoofinance.com.
BULL27|Thanks so much, Ethan.
BULL28|"Thanks Chris."""
