NEUT0|"""Everybody, Jason Moser here with Brendan Matthews for another edition of Ask a fool, and today we're taking a question from Daryl."
NEUT1|Daryl asks what are some ideas on taking advantage of the future of graphing and Brendan, I'm going to see if we can get your take here on graphing and what you think about the future of graphene.
NEUT2|What's up?
NEUT3|I'll be honest with you.
NEUT4|I don't know very much about graphing.
NEUT5|I know almost nothing about graphing.
NEUT6|I'm not a material scientist.
NEUT7|I've only sort of become familiar with it in the past six months.
NEUT8|But I'll tell you I'm very sceptical when people present ideas for investing graphing.
NEUT9|Here's why.
NEUT10|I've sort of initially learned about graphing.
NEUT11|I got a flyer in the Mail promoting a penny stock, and I've seen numerous penny stocks all promoting graphing.
NEUT12|This is promoted are sort of, encourage their members to start asking us questions, and so I started looking into.
NEUT13|Hey, if graphing does have a future, is there great?
NEUT14|Is there a way to invest in it outside of penny stocks and what I found basically is there's no major public company.
NEUT15|Allow you to invest in graphene at this time so you know you make me think about just one thing here.
NEUT16|That with graph, because I don't know anything about graphene either.
NEUT17|But you know, we can sort of take this out to a broader investing lesson.
NEUT18|I think investors out there would be very wise to make sure that when you're considering an investment, make sure that you know what you're talking about, what you know, the dynamics of the investment you're considering.
NEUT19|You know we talk a lot about Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, how they refer their circle of competence, and that was one of the early lessons I learned in investing.
NEUT20|That has served me well ever since, was just make sure you you're sticking within your circle of competence and it's not.
NEUT21|It's not to say you can't expand that circle over time, but don't be afraid to take the ones that are a bit too hard to understand.
NEUT22|And once they don't have any interest in throwing that hard to understand pile or the not interested pile and move on to something that that you are a little bit more interested in.
NEUT23|Yeah, and I would just say if you are sticking to your circle of confidence competence, you're not going to fall for sort of a penny stocks story promotion, which is I think the danger with a lot of these graphene stocks.
NEUT24|The second thing I'd add about graphing is if it does.
NEUT25|If it's if it's potential sort of plays out, you can invest in it later when some of there are established public public companies, you'll still be able to do well.
NEUT26|Yeah, that makes sense.
NEUT27|Well, great, thanks a lot Brendan, and it's a great question.
NEUT28|"For more information, make sure to check out fool.com."""
