NEUT0|"""So let's turn to Amazon, Amazon and its third party sellers."
BEAR1|Just days after an investigation revealed over 4000 unsafe, mislabeled, or straight band products on the Amazon site, senators are asking CEO Jeff Bezos to crack down our Deirdre Bosa has more on Amazon's third party seller problem, Deirdre.
NEUT2|John the three senators Richard Blumenthal, Bob Menendez and Ed Markey.
NEUT3|They're asking Bezos to remove illegal, deadly and deceptive products and respond to a list of questions from how did they get there in the 1st place to how do you make sure more unsafe products stay off the platform?
NEUT4|They asked Bezos to respond by September 29th and Amazon says that it will now.
BULL5|This touches, though on a bigger third party seller issue for Amazon, Amazon has been touting the strength of the small and medium sized businesses on the platform.
NEUT6|That now make up more than half of all sales.
NEUT7|This is sort of an indirect way of defending itself against antitrust scrutiny.
BEAR8|By saying listen, we actually help smaller businesses look how much they're selling through us, but these sellers also represent a threat of Amazon cannot adequately monitor their products in the wake of the Journal report that found thousands of unsafe banned or deceptively labeled products on Amazon's platform, many of them were taken down.
BEAR9|We looked this morning though, and we found a number of misrepresented items.
NEUT10|Still up on the site, these teething toys have a look there, advertised as FDA approved, but the FDA does not approve toys.
NEUT11|Same with this eyelash serum, only one brand LATISSE is approved by the FDA, yet this brand on Amazon site falsely claims to be now.
NEUT12|Amazon says it spent $400 million last year and consumer safety and compliance a day before the Journal investigation was published.
NEUT13|The company said it's spending $15 billion on tools for third party sellers.
NEUT14|The question is though guys, is this enough to stem?
BEAR15|Unsafe products on the site and stem the backlash which doesn't seem to be going anywhere anytime soon.
NEUT16|"Back to you."""
