NEUT0|"""Hi, it's Patty Hearst marketplace, a country's stock market is not a good indicator of its economy and to explain that I want to introduce you to Jim."
BEAR1|Jim is an investor and right now Jim's having a pretty bad time.
BEAR2|As you can see, is not particularly happy, and that's because the economy is not doing particularly well, just kind of bumping along there.
NEUT3|But Jim still has to make money for his clients through his investments.
NEUT4|My ordinarily he would take a big bunch of the say billion dollars that he has under management and he would invest it in debt.
NEUT5|Essentially what he would do is he would.
NEUT6|Lend to companies by buying their bonds, but unfortunately the interest rates are really really low right now, which makes it very, very difficult for him to make money in the debt market.
NEUT7|So what he's doing is he's looking around for alternative investments.
NEUT8|Things that are going to give him more yield, a better return, one of the places he's really interested in right now is the stock market.
NEUT9|So what's essentially happening is he and investors like him are going out, and they're taking money out of the bond market.
NEUT10|They're selling bonds, and they're putting it into stocks.
NEUT11|They're buying shares in public companies, and they're doing this, 'cause they're speculating.
BULL12|Right there there basically betting that the value of these companies is going to rise over the next 6 to 12 months and all of the money going into the stock market through that speculation is driving the stock market up to like great Heights.
BEAR13|Unfortunately, Meanwhile, the economy is just still kind of bumbling along, and it means that there's real disparity between the value of the economy or the state of the economy and the state of the stock market.
NEUT14|And this is because the economy isn't about what's going on in the future.
NEUT15|The economy is about what's happening right now.
NEUT16|The other thing is, the economy is not just about a bunch of public companies.
NEUT17|It's about all companies, public and private.
NEUT18|In fact, it's about every citizen who's in the nation.
BEAR19|So if you're doing analysis on an economy and you're trying to get a gauge of how that economy is doing, just sticking and looking at the stock market is a really, really bad idea.
BEAR20|"It can totally skew your analysis, could leave you very badly needing a drink."""
