NEUT0|"""Stock sectors retail stocks 1212 nineteen."
BULL1|This might be a good time now as we get towards the end of the year and into this heavy retail season.
NEUT2|To be looking at this group.
NEUT3|Surprisingly, there are stocks that are good that I saw and some that are risky and some that are bad and some that are ugly.
NEUT4|It seems like I should have the good, the bad and the ugly tune playing in the background was.
NEUT5|Lowe's is the first.
NEUT6|We're going to look at in this category of good stocks.
NEUT7|This is a good stock to tell you what's a good stock because you can see in here that of course we do cycle analysis and the bottom showing you the ideal cycles were measuring the length from significant load, a significant low and you could see that this length from this load of this loan is almost identical from this load of this low and you can see the half cycle or minor half as we call it pretty much divided right in half you could see there now.
NEUT8|What's interesting is that.
NEUT9|This pattern right in here almost has a minor third.
NEUT10|In other words, the lowest kind of halfway is more than halfway over to the right side here, but still, it's making up two parts.
NEUT11|If I wanted to put in minor thirds in here.
NEUT12|For those of you that are studying, you would probably see the minor third rhythms show up in this cycle over here.
NEUT13|Also, there can be many overlapping cycle patterns within any cycle.
NEUT14|And I do what I can to identify the ones that are the most important.
NEUT15|So what you can see in here is it looks like this first half of minor cycle is over with.
NEUT16|You could see now you can see the steepness in the first half here.
BEAR17|That brought the second cycle moving sharply to the upside.
BEAR18|In this case, the decline was very steep to the downside in the middle of this big cycle, so this failed and then came down again.
NEUT19|That would not be the most likelihood that you know in this pattern, right?
BEAR20|In here, which is very steep to the upside that says to me that you know either this is the lower maybe one more trip down over there would be the low, and then there's likely to be another rally.
NEUT21|So I'm projecting this conservatively to only just barely take out that 122 level.
BULL22|Clearly it could be much stronger than that.
NEUT23|I tend to forecast conservatively based on what I think the highest probabilities are for market conditions also, so I admit to a bias, and that bias is is that our analytical work on the stock market is suggestive that the rally only goes to end of January beginning of February for the stock market.
NEUT24|So I have that influencing this analysis in here.
NEUT25|Still, it's a very good pattern and then out into April May, June of next year.
NEUT26|It looks like more to the upside.
BULL27|Lowe's is doing a great job the way they're executing.
NEUT28|So this is a good pattern.
NEUT29|So I wanted to just take you through that in some detail, as I often do in the first chart I look at in these patterns in these videos so that you could get a good feel for the style of analysis.
BULL30|"So this is a very good looking stock."""
