NEUT0|"""Hello this is Alexander Greene, chief investment strategist with the Oxford Club, and I just came from a conference investment you in St. Petersburg, FL where we talked about disruption and how to take advantage of it."
NEUT1|As an investor.
NEUT2|We're actually quite fortunate to live in an astonishing era of innovation and disruption in communications, transportation, energy, finance, retailing, virtually every industry.
BULL3|And this innovation has been almost an unalloyed good.
BEAR4|But I also made it clear to those at the conference that disruption is a double edged sword, because while it's it's, and it's been good for consumers in almost every respect, it has damaged certain businesses and entire industries in some cases, and certain households in certain investors and just a few examples, we know what Netflix did to Blockbuster.
NEUT5|We know what Apple did do, BlackBerry?
NEUT6|We know what clean energy is doing.
NEUT7|The Mini natural resource companies.
NEUT8|So this is a particularly delicate time becausde the big winners in 2020 were the stay at home stocks that e-commerce companies that benefited from people staying at Home Zoom and Netflix and others.
NEUT9|But it's way too late now for the stay at home trade.
BEAR10|Be 'cause with the vaccination proceeding apace and the economy reopening and people dying to get out and travel and shop and dine and spend, there's been a correction in the markets been a great rotation from the high flying growth stocks too.
NEUT11|The more prosaic value stocks, but as I mentioned, to those investors, you can have the best of both world.
NEUT12|You can invest in disruption an have the safety and income of these value stocks and this give you a few examples.
NEUT13|IBM is a company that is not done particularly well over the last couple of years or even the last couple of decades, but it's a world leader in artificial intelligence and quantum computing and the hybrid cloud and the stock trades for half the PE of the S&P 500 and yield.
NEUT14|5%.
BEAR15|It's a wonderful, safe value, stock and a disruptive company.
NEUT16|People think of Verizon, for example, as almost like a utility.
NEUT17|It's got 120,000,000 subscribers.
NEUT18|But it's also a huge beneficiary of 5G.
BULL19|It's building up the network that is going to have the most subscribers, and we're looking at not just at smartphones, but smart factories and smart cities.
NEUT20|So I want to encourage listeners to stick with the theme of disruption.
BULL21|We're going to continue to have innovation.
BEAR22|We're going to have disruptive companies.
NEUT23|But pay attention to value because if you own value, you not only have good upside, but you have less risk and a huge margin of safety and good income in a time when bank accounts and bond yields are very very low.
NEUT24|I also want to add that we're at an interesting point with this YouTube channel.
NEUT25|We're up to almost 10,000 subscribers and that may seem small in relation to the 900,000 subscribers that I have to Liberty through wealth.
NEUT26|But that's a print publication I've been writing in print for over 20 years.
NEUT27|This YouTube channel is new an when we hit 10,000 subscribers.
BULL28|We have a very special event plan so I want to thank you for watching and stay tuned because as soon as we hit 10,000 we're going to have a very special event.
NEUT29|So again, this is Alexander Green, Chief Investment strategies of the Oxford Club.
BULL30|"Thanks for watching."""
