NEUT0|"""From buying a few shares in real estate investment trusts or making big money deals for commercial real estate properties, there are numerous ways to invest in real estate."
NEUT1|In this video, we're going to explore some of the more popular options so that you can discover which one best fits you.
NEUT2|If you have a small amount of money to invest, you may want to look at real estate investment trusts.
NEUT3|Real estate related stocks, mutual funds and ETF's, and mortgage notes, and other debt deals.
NEUT4|Let's take a closer look at each one to better understand how investors can benefit real estate investment trusts, or REITs.
NEUT5|Allow investors to pool their money together to invest in a portfolio of properties.
NEUT6|Since these companies are set up as trusts, there are certain rules related to what kind of assets they can own and how they return capital to shareholders through dividends.
BULL7|Advantages, including a low cost starting point.
BULL8|There are great for investors looking for capital appreciation and dividend growth and their ideally held in tax advantage.
NEUT9|Investment accounts.
NEUT10|Most REITs also specialize in a particular type of property, such as residential mortgages, health care facilities or infrastructure.
NEUT11|Buying publicly traded rates is the same as buying stocks.
NEUT12|You can buy them through a typical brokerage account or through tax advantage accounts such as I raise 520 nines and health savings plans.
NEUT13|There are also private and non publicly traded REITs.
NEUT14|Find these kinds of rates isn't as simple as hitting the buy button at an online brokerage, but they can be held in tax advantage accounts like self directed IR A's real estate related stocks, mutual funds, and ETF's are one of the lesser discussed real estate investing options.
NEUT15|Three things investors should know about these investments is that they have a low cost entry point there, primarily for capital appreciation and growth, but some will offer dividends and like REITs there ideally held in tax advantage investment accounts.
NEUT16|There are a wide gamut of real estate stocks to invest in.
NEUT17|Including home builders, real estate agencies, government supported mortgage buyers, home improvement suppliers, construction companies and many more, you can also invest in a portfolio of these stocks through mutual funds and ETF's.
NEUT18|While the vast majority of real estate ETF's will hold REITs, there are some real estate adjacent options.
NEUT19|One such example is the SPDR S&P Home Builders ETF that holds 34 different companies spanning home improvement, retail building products, household appliances, home builders and home furnishings.
NEUT20|You can purchase real estate related stocks.
NEUT21|Through a brokerage account or through the other various tax advantage accounts, such as 401K's, traditional and Roth IRA raise, and 529 college savings plans.
NEUT22|The third option for people with a small amount to invest our mortgage notes for this option, an investor buys the notes tide to a mortgage and collects the payments.
NEUT23|Buying mortgage notes may not sound too appealing when you see low mortgage rates, but the upside is that most of the time you can buy mortgage notes for less than the outstanding loan value.
NEUT24|Buying mortgage notes at a discount to their part value means a higher rate of return than the interest rate tide to the mortgage itself.
NEUT25|Mortgage notes have a few key advantages.
NEUT26|They have multiple investment outcomes.
NEUT27|You have the ability to buy at a discount to the loans value, and they can also be held in tax advantage, retirement accounts, investing.
NEUT28|The mortgage notes can span a wide range of outcomes and risk.
NEUT29|It can be as simple as buying a performing loan, an collecting the interest and principal payments until it's paid off.
NEUT30|Or you can invest in non performing loans at a typically steep discount to renegotiate payment terms or potentially take possession of a property.
NEUT31|Acquiring mortgage notes is by no means as simple as going to your brokerage and asking for mortgage notes.
NEUT32|But there are websites that act as clearing houses where you can acquire them.
NEUT33|You can own mortgage notes in a tax advantage retirement account such as a self directed IRA or solo 401K.
NEUT34|The ability to hold less conventional investment assets is one of the most appealing aspects of these particular types of investment accounts.
NEUT35|Most of what we discussed so far are passive real estate investment strategies.
NEUT36|"This means you don't take an active role in managing the investment in our next video will discuss strategies that take more time and money."""
