NEUT0|"""Hello, this is delanta from beat millions and we're looking at Facebook today."
BULL1|Facebook on the 15th of June announced the launch of WhatsApp page in Brazil and this is going to radically shift the future of the company into a more positive one.
NEUT2|So to start with Facebook or other WhatsApp has over 120,000,000 users in Brazil, which is the second largest market behind India.
NEUT3|And if you look at the global payments industry, why?
NEUT4|Could you look at why Facebook is doing this?
BULL5|The global payments industry is expected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of around 8% through 2025 to reach a value of $2 trillion.
NEUT6|Of that exactly is why Facebook is trying to capitalize on this opportunity to monetize WhatsApp.
NEUT7|And if you look at Brazil, Brazil is like one of the best places for Facebook to start this campaign.
NEUT8|Now what you're looking at right here?
NEUT9|Is the E Commerce transaction value in Brazil over the last couple of years?
BULL10|As you can see, the numbers have been improving with at very attractive rates and through 2023 the numbers are expected to accelerate, so that is really good news for Facebook.
BULL11|And another good news is that our spent in social and communications apps in Brazil in 2018 was only second to that of India.
NEUT12|So that goes on to show.
NEUT13|That the population in Brazil are very much active in social media platforms and not surprisingly, Facebook owned WhatsApp and the very Facebook platform itself.
NEUT14|Messenger and Instagram dominate this market by the number of hours spent on each one of these applications, so.
BULL15|But this gives Facebook or an WhatsApp a very solid foundation to roll out this WhatsApp pay feature in Brazil 1st.
NEUT16|And then I expect this feature to go live in many other nations and regions across the world.
NEUT17|Bringing Facebook more than a billion dollars in revenue in no time to be also taking all this into consideration and also the balance sheet strength of the company as well.
NEUT18|As we can see, Facebook had over $60 billion in cash in hand at the end of the March quarter, and the companies pumping these money apart from cherry purchases that is also good for shareholders as you know the rest are being pumped by Facebook into lucrative opportunities.
NEUT19|So think about the investment team, the 5.7 billion investment in Jio platforms in April.
BULL20|So that was that is a remarkable move to gain to monetize WhatsApp in India as well so.
BULL21|Taking all this into consideration, I have raised my target price for Facebook to $321 a share in the next 12 months.
BEAR22|So that represents an upside of around 38% from the market price of yesterday on June.
BEAR23|16th so and in fact in the long term, Facebook shares could run even further depending on how the company gains traction in the global payment solutions industry.
NEUT24|So if you want to read this article, just check the description to this video where I have included a link to this article and we hope you enjoy this video and make sure to subscribe us to stay updated on what is happening in U.S. markets.
BULL25|"Thank you."""
