NEUT0|"""Let me just get a a take from you on what you think the latest numbers tell us about the shape of the Chinese economy at this stage."
NEUT1|Well, the latest numbers are interesting of course is showing some moderation, but I would argue that that's to be expected, right?
BULL2|You've seen the post lockdown recovery and a huge bounce back after that?
NEUT3|And it stands to reason that you should be should have been expecting some moderation there.
NEUT4|The question really is where are the underlying fundamentals for the Chinese economy?
BULL5|And there we I'd argue that the underlying fundamentals in terms of the recovery in corporate profitability, which is important for the.
BEAR6|An investment LED business cycle upturn are very much in place still extraordinary that the economy actually agree there.
NEUT7|Given the events that started in China over the course of last year.
BEAR8|Similar let me to ask you about the consumption side because that's been the area that continues to be showing some weakness.
BEAR9|Retail sales falling 3.9% last year consumption very much underperforming what you're seeing on the invents investment side.
NEUT10|What happens in 2021 to resurrect the retail and consumption story?
BULL11|I think the 2012, 2021 this year you know you're gonna see consumption containing to recover because the labor market is improving right?
BULL12|In terms of wage growth as well as employment, business is starting to expand again right?
NEUT13|So and you know, so there's a cyclical recovery, but there's also the underlying structural story in China, where growth is becoming very very much domestic demand LED, and that's on the back of the government's policies in terms of promoting domestic growth, including geez.
NEUT14|Dual circulation economic framework policies there and the usual that we know the demographics the growing middle class, so I'm less I'm more sanguine.
BULL15|"Let's say about the Chinese recovery continuing and becoming more stable this year."""
