BULL0|"""Oh, I think it's a huge game changer."
NEUT1|Obviously we had Governor Murphy, New Jersey news, mentioned Governor Northam in Virginia.
NEUT2|You know this is a really strong economic issue as well as a social issue.
NEUT3|And so I think we're really getting to the tipping point of where the States are starting to fall in terms of cannabis legislation.
NEUT4|It's not just the US, it's also around the world who wrote today, sells his products, number 13 countries.
BULL5|And so I think the global position on cannabis and cannabinoid's in general is definitely positive for companies like Aurora.
NEUT6|We were talking about this earlier on the team Miguel as part of the bill in Virginia.
NEUT7|Says home cultivation of up to four plants per household permitted.
NEUT8|Is that something you would rather not see included?
NEUT9|Is that a threat to your business or anything?
NEUT10|Just generally moving in in the direction of legalization is all positive.
NEUT11|No, it's not a threat.
NEUT12|You know, we see that structure in Canada and other markets in certain like homebrewing that you see in craft beer, any sort of connection to the plan, overall awareness, and positive iti around that aspect is good for the industry, so you know when you see those homegrown provisions is definitely not a detriment.
BULL13|We think it definitely creates stickiness for the consumer to the overall category, and everything is positive.
NEUT14|So we've seen a lot of consolidation Miguel in the industry in preparation for this opening up of legalization, Big Biggie is Tilray Aphria.
NEUT15|We've talked to those CEOs canopy's Bolt up.
NEUT16|Where does that leave you in terms of a push into the US?
BULL17|Can you do it without having more Scala, bigger partner, and a better balance sheet?
NEUT18|Yeah, I mean, we obviously think we can.
NEUT19|I think the stranger or is the diversity of its business.
NEUT20|As I mentioned, we operate in 13 countries.
BULL21|We have the number one medical business in Canada.
NEUT22|We have one of the largest international.
BULL23|Medical businesses, we have the number one CBD brand according to Nielsen in the US and we have a strong rec business, so the diversity of our role, overall business and the science and genetics behind the company that put us in a good position.
BULL24|You mentioned the balance sheet and overall performance year over year has really been strong for Aurora and we have over 500,000,000 on the balance sheet and we're in a position to be opportunistic when it comes to the USI would tell you not always bigger.
BULL25|Better in this situation.
NEUT26|I think the science, the regulatory expertise and the history that Canadian LP's not particularly Aurora.
NEUT27|In the Canadian market will play, you know, really strong in the USI expect the FDA will have a lot to say about the US market and the only real companies that have that type of regulatory experience are the Canadian LP's.
BULL28|So we think we're in a great position at the time in which the US opens up its market.
BEAR29|Why do you think your stock is lagged?
NEUT30|Some of your peers over the last 6 to 12 months?
NEUT31|Well, yeah, I think there's a lot of aspects to that.
NEUT32|I think.
NEUT33|First and foremost, we are just the beginning of this transformation and I can understand people are looking for that.
BULL34|The recent quarter versus year ago.
BULL35|And gives a strong indication that we're on the right path.
NEUT36|I think you know you have a lot of retail investors and we're just now starting to see institutional investors.
NEUT37|And then there are some investors that really want to see how you know a piece of the US, even if it doesn't make exact sense of this juncture.
NEUT38|So you know, it's my job on the job of our management team to prove to others, but with medical margins in the 60s with the growing international piece of business, as I mentioned, the number one CBD brand you asked, I think there's a lot to like in the Aurora story for investors long term.
NEUT39|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT40|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
