BEAR0|"""Watch out greedy politicians may tax you for working at home."
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead where you get the insights you need to better navigate these turbulent times.
NEUT2|Your home may be a Castle, as that old phrase put it, but it won't protect you from an invasion of tax collectors because of the pandemic, 10s of millions of people got a taste for working at home, and even when we get vaccines, many people may decide not to return to the office, at least not full-time.
BEAR3|Moreover, a large number of employers are concluding that they will not need so much office space as they had before.
BEAR4|This has politicians worried fewer office workers mean.
NEUT5|Less use of automobiles in public transportation to commute to and from work that leads to less gas tax, revenue tolls and ticket fares.
NEUT6|It also means fewer sales taxes from workers buying lunch or doing a bit of shopping.
BEAR7|Commercial real estate taxes will be adversely impacted.
NEUT8|Less use of commercial, electricity or hurt those fees.
NEUT9|Politicians had loved attacks on to energy bills.
BEAR10|Governments will collect fewer local income tax revenues from commuters who used to cross state County.
NEUT11|Or city lines.
BEAR12|That's why politicians are quietly eyeing a new tax to hit at home workers.
NEUT13|Ideas range from a special surcharge on their incomes to license fees or extra property taxes.
NEUT14|The idea being that your home is now place of work and thus a commercial property.
BEAR15|How much will stay at home workers be hit for one big bank is proposed that a typical household be hit with an extra $2500.
NEUT16|This bill of goods will be sold to people working out of their houses or apartments as not really being a net increase in their cost of living because the money they save by not commuting.
BULL17|Good luck with that rationale to lower resistance, politicians will likely claim that this tax will only be temporary, but experience has sorrowfully and repeatedly demonstrated that there is nothing so permanent as a temporary tax.
BEAR18|Even before the pandemic, many politicians were roughly regretting the rise of the gig economy, or over 50 million people were already working as private contractors.
NEUT19|That's why California enacted a law, essentially outlawing this form of work.
BEAR20|It is led to fierce resistance, with voters approving a referendum barring independent drivers for Uber, Lyft, and other companies from this terrible law.
NEUT21|Nevertheless, beware desperate politicians elsewhere.
NEUT22|Will be coming after you if you work at home.
NEUT23|I'm Steve Forbes.
NEUT24|Thank you for listening.
BULL25|"Do send in your comments and suggestions and I look forward to being with you soon again."""
