BEAR0|"""The trade war between China and the US has sent many investors running scared of risky and highly valued stocks on the frontline."
BEAR1|Among these are frothy technology stocks, like Chinese tech giant Tencent, which is down about 40% since its peak in January, but within the tech space.
BEAR2|One platoon of companies are particularly under fire.
NEUT3|The chip makers companies like Samsung and Taiwan Semiconductor make the memory chips used in smartphones and other digital devices.
BEAR4|The obvious concern is that trade tariffs will bump up their costs, but that is not the only threat to the so-called semiconductor.
BEAR5|Stocks, and investors are starting to question whether the current share price dip is just a bump in the road or the start of something more sinister.
NEUT6|So what's impacting semiconductors?
BEAR7|The world's most valuable company shocked the market early in November when it said it would no longer report sales of its iPhones and other hardware.
BEAR8|The news prompted analysts to questions whether we have reached peak iPhone.
BEAR9|If your people buy iPhones, demand for memory chips drops.
BEAR10|Companies have already issued warnings earlier this year.
BEAR11|Taiwan Semiconductor raised expectations of a slowdown in smartphone sales following years of rapid growth.
BEAR12|Bitcoin has suffered a torrid time this year, using about 2/3 of its value.
BEAR13|The fall in the price is weakening demand from cryptocurrency miners, which is negative for semiconductor companies that provide the mining chips.
BEAR14|Taiwan Semiconductor even warned that weakness in cryptocurrency mining demand would limit its revenue growth in the fourth quarter.
BEAR15|The short term outlook may point to reduced expectations, but for investors with a long term horizon there is still lots of reasons for optimism as more and more objects and devices need semiconductors.
NEUT16|Industrial machinery and cars increasingly used chips to automate processes and create slicker designs.
BULL17|"Using robotics and artificial intelligence, and even the now traditional market of mobile phones may provide growth again when the next generation of mobile network, called 5G, spreads beyond a few cities around the world."""
