NEUT0|"""Trading and investing are two very different concepts."
NEUT1|Find out how in this video the share market largely comprises of two types of participants, traders and investors.
NEUT2|Trading and investing are two unique methods through which the participants attempt to earn profits in the equity markets.
NEUT3|Let's understand the meanings of each term before we compare their differences in the financial markets.
NEUT4|Investment is the act of buying stocks, bonds, mutual funds.
NEUT5|ETC and holding them for a reasonable long period, typically until they book profits as such investments are not bound by any specific time limits and investors can enter and exit securities at any given time.
NEUT6|Traders attempt to benefit out volatility in market prices.
NEUT7|Trade takes place within short span of time.
NEUT8|Typically the traders settled their positions during the market hours or within few trading sessions and rely on market movements to generate profits.
NEUT9|Now let's look at the differences between trading and investing.
NEUT10|The first point of difference between trading and investing is the holding period.
NEUT11|Traders hold stocks for a short period of time, typically a day.
NEUT12|Investors, on the other hand, hold stocks for a longer period, which could be months or years until the book of profit traders choose their stock.
NEUT13|After considering several technical factors associated with the market, they consider and analyze various trading charts.
NEUT14|Patterns, trends and oscillators, among other things.
NEUT15|On the other hand, investors consider the fundamental factors of the company before investing.
NEUT16|For instance, they assess a company's financial health, its balance sheet strength, it's management's capabilities, promoters, vision, etc.
NEUT17|Both traders and investors employ different strategies to grow their capital amount.
NEUT18|While traders typically rely on market volatility and price momentum to book profits.
NEUT19|Investors aim to create wealth for the long term by identifying undervalued assets and hold it for long time investors book profits.
BEAR20|When market prices rise to a level where they find it overvalued compared to its intrinsic worth.
NEUT21|Whether you are an investor or a trader, there is always an element of risk involved on your capital amount.
NEUT22|Trading is deemed competitively more risky than investing.
BULL23|Traders rotate their capital multiple times and hence trading offers higher potential for returns.
BULL24|Conversely, investing in fundamentally sound instruments is considered less risky.
NEUT25|It potentially offer reasonable returns by staying invested for a long term, traders have to actively and constantly track and monitor their positions.
NEUT26|To book profits, investors however, do not have to monitor their investments continuously.
NEUT27|They can review their investments periodically if we consider the risk appetites of traders and investors.
NEUT28|The former usually more aggressive and have a higher capacity for risks, whereas the latter are typically conservate.
NEUT29|If individuals with a moderate to low risk appetite to sum it up, trading is a lot like a T20 cricket match wherein all action happens within the short time.
NEUT30|Whereas investing is similar to a test series where you get desired results over a long period of time.
NEUT31|So what are you, a trader or an investor?
NEUT32|Investment in securities market are subject to market risks.
NEUT33|"Read all the related documents carefully before investing."""
