BEAR0|"""Not everyone is excited about Hyper Bitcoin Isation."
NEUT1|According to a popular copy paste meme, Bitcoin holders are set to become a Neo aristocracy as Bitcoin becomes the dominant world currency.
NEUT2|Only Dollar BTC holders will be permitted to the upper echelons of society.
BEAR3|No coiners will be shunned socially and financially at best forced to become servants to the new upper class at worst executed for crimes against the hashtag Bitcoin empire.
NEUT4|The meme is part of a larger vision for Bitcoin's future.
NEUT5|A semi serious but mostly tongue in cheek narrative that can be lumped under the Bitcoin citadels umbrella, a vision of the future in which Bitcoin becomes so valuable that hodlers become Lords quite literally defending their coins in castles originating from a Reddit post written by someone claiming to be a time traveler, they called for a $1,000,000 price target in 2021.
NEUT6|If you're curious, the Citadel meme has taken on a life of its own, even inspiring a short film.
BEAR7|But despite the self evident Farson fantasy behind the meme, one economist is now warning that it might not be far off from reality.
BEAR8|Should Bitcoin succeed in its mission to achieve monetary supremacy on the think tank Center for Economic Policy and Research is website academic John Daniel, Son of the London School of Economics, wrote an article yesterday in which he envisions a future where Bitcoin aristocrats will fuel social division and populism through extreme wealth inequality, the government would be forced to protect or attack this new class of overlords, ones who attained their rank just by buying.
NEUT9|Early they will make no contribution to society, gloom and grumpiness aside.
NEUT10|Daniel son ultimately concludes that such a future cannot come to pass because Bitcoin is unsuitable as a unit of account due to its price instability.
NEUT11|Because of these internal contradictions, Daniel Son writes the price of Bitcoin will head to zero economic analysis that comes to the same conclusions as time traveling.
BEAR12|Redditors aside, not everyone's is grim about a hyper Bitcoin Isde world.
BULL13|In fact, in many cases it has proven to be a boon.
BULL14|"For countries struggling under inflation."""
