NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this."
NEUT1|Be a video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple.
NEUT2|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT3|You're not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT4|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR5|Well, the downward movement on Apple continues, including you know, the gap down here today, which is now actually formed, a bearish pattern and I should know that, and I wish I could say training with these easy just because of bearish pattern forms does not mean that for sure guaranteed the price is going to go downwards now.
NEUT6|Would anybody be shocked to see the price get continuation downwards?
BEAR7|I don't think anybody would be shocked, but you know, just because you know there's a bearish pattern again does not mean that guarantee that price is going downwards.
NEUT8|But I do want to get this mapped out here as I think there's gonna be a lot of people watching this pattern an actually let me change that to green to represent the bullish part of the pattern.
NEUT9|This pattern is the fact that the price is working its way back upwards, but the other part of this pattern.
NEUT10|Is you know there's this upward channel here that's taking place, and I'll change that back to represent resistance part of it.
NEUT11|And then you also have.
NEUT12|You know what would be known as the pole portion of the pattern?
NEUT13|So let me just change that to a neutral color of white and this is what would be known as a bear flag pattern.
NEUT14|Now again, just 'cause it's a bearish pattern doesn't mean that the price is going to go back downwards, but I mean these are going to levels that I think a lot of people are going to be watching, which is important because when a lot of people are watching the same levels, wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy caught whatever you want, it can definitely produce some very dynamic movements and that is, you know what's going on with that red line here.
NEUT15|Meaning if the price were to come down here, nothing is guaranteed, but it's valid.
NEUT16|It's rational to think that.
BEAR17|A breakdown through that red line there, that breaking up itself could create quite a bit of downward selling pressure, so keep a very close eye on that.
NEUT18|You know the full blown confirmation that it's a bearish breakdown would be if the price breaks down below 129 fifty, but like said, that first level support is that red line, and then you'd want to keep it on one 2950 as far as areas of resistance are concerned, you're going to want to watch that red line right there, but from more of an overarching standpoint, watch that Purple line up there.
NEUT19|The 50.
NEUT20|Moving average currently valid, it will just call it the 133 mark.
NEUT21|So All in all though, Bear Flag head into tomorrow.
NEUT22|So let's see how this all plays out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again.
NEUT33|Totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT34|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
