NEUT0|"""Welcome back to 10X stocks like subscribe and let's get into latest NEO stock analysis and predictions January 2nd in today's NIO stock analysis and predictions and IO target price raised."
NEUT1|Let's get started.
BULL2|The electric vehicle manufacturer Niles shares were trading higher on Thursday due to increased price target by Bank of America.
BULL3|Bank of America raised their Neo stock price target before the annual Neo Day event.
BULL4|Both are analysts, Minks and Lee reiterated or buy rating for Nile and raised the stock price target from $54.70 to $59.
NEUT5|Some believes that Niles next Catalyst will be the Neo Day on January 9th, where they will reveal their latest V7 sedan and expect Niles new sedan to be equipped with NT 2.0 autonomous navigation system.
BULL6|In addition to Niles new sedan, there will be a new 150 kilowatts per hour battery pack that will help improve users driving range by 900.
NEUT7|KW NYOS growth numbers in 2020 is a clear indication of where the stock will be next year.
BULL8|This should give investors plenty of reason to pick up more shares heading in 2021.
BULL9|Since Nilesh shares are already up more than 1220% in the last year, and trading at about 48 times sales, Nile is already set up for a significant amount of long term growth.
BULL10|More and more analysts are raising their Nile stock price target, and predictions due to Niles ability to produce increased deliveries every month amongst a pandemic.
NEUT11|Nile is the only main competitor to Tesla and the Chinese government will not allow IO to fail due to their investments in the company.
NEUT12|NIO now has the lead over Tesla in battery swap, as there are talks in China to make battery swap the requirement for new electric vehicles.
NEUT13|It is clear that Chinese government has a big interest in Niles growth as they can't afford Neo company to fail.
BULL14|In summary, Nile is a good long term stock that has been producing big gains as well as it is predicted to do the same this year on Neo Day, January 9th hold long and strong blue skies are coming.
BULL15|Thanks for watching.
NEUT16|"Like subscribe and go watch my other videos."""
