BULL0|"""In the past month, bond yields in the United States have risen substantially, and equity investors have begun to take note."
BEAR1|In fact, over the past month, equity and bond prices have tended to move in the same direction on days in which bond prices fell, equity prices tend to fall as well, and on days in which bond prices tend to rise, equity prices tended to rise as well.
NEUT2|However, the.
BEAR3|Correlation between the equity market has changed very dramatically over the past, say 13 years since the 2008 financial crisis.
BEAR4|The correlation between equities and bonds was mostly negative rather than positive, like it has been in this past month.
BEAR5|But what's even more interesting is 11 peers below the S&P 500 as a whole and looks down at the 11 individual sectors that make up the index.
NEUT6|One finds highly varied responses to rising bond yields.
NEUT7|It used to be to Europe up until mid February.
BEAR8|That all 11 sectors showed negative correlation to bond prices.
BEAR9|However, in the month since mid February.
BULL10|Certain sectors have begun to show a very, very positive correlation to rising bond yields, which is say as bond yields rose in bond prices therefore fell these sectors got hit the worst.
NEUT11|So which sectors were they where they happen to be the most high flying sectors of the stock market?
NEUT12|Consumer discretionary stocks, information technology and telecom followed by other strong performing sectors like healthcare and material stocks by contrast or other sectors of the equity market.
BEAR13|Including most notably energy stocks, utilities and financial services stocks, they seemed to shrug off or perhaps even benefit from rising bond yields.
NEUT14|So why is this?
NEUT15|Well, it seems like the best performing sector is the sectors that have had the strongest performance are the sectors that are investors are the most concerned about in face of rising bond yields.
BULL16|Rising bond yields have the potential to attract capital away from these high flying, potentially highly valued sectors towards the perceived.
BULL17|Relative safety of government debt.
NEUT18|"I'm Eric Norland, senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
