NEUT0|"""The services sector."
BULL1|I think so far, is holding on compensating for that big hole and manufacturing.
BEAR2|I mean, we look at fracking is pretty depressing.
BEAR3|In a third consecutive quarter of quarter on quarter, second consecutive quarter of year on year itself, and outlook on the tech run, which has been the primary Dragon, manufacturing doesn't look very good.
BEAR4|The current Korean, Japan's squabble over what you can get called into squabbles.
BEAR5|Any of this couple squabble going on itself doesn't help sentiment, and certainly it seems every equipment manufacturers you know the same numbers.
BEAR6|Yesterday, in terms of forecasts, doesn't August well for that sector at this juncture itself, so it looks like manufacturing may continue to drag down headline GDP into the second half, which basically means that that may spill over to the other service aside, because, surprise, I really they sound amount reoriented site that has been most affected.
NEUT7|What would that mean for the year years performance?
NEUT8|Yeah, basically trying to whack the numbers.
BULL9|So I think worst case not actually best case, we avoid the full year recession, maybe squeeze up growth.
NEUT10|Half a percent, maybe worse case, if you know the trade, fight, trade, war, plow way, or that nonsense carry through an actually materialized then we will have you know, a quarter on quarter contraction in the third quarter technical recession, reality, full year recession.
NEUT11|A possibility.
NEUT12|At this juncture it's like.
NEUT13|Point to Singapore.
NEUT14|Start to pick up on some of the stuff to benefit from the trade dispute instead of, you know, completely getting hit by it as it kind of weird to smaller player.
NEUT15|We just basically expensive.
NEUT16|No, I think costs Singapore has been expensive for anyone.
NEUT17|Want to do business here for the longest of time you can save 40 years or 50 years itself.
NEUT18|But yet obviously Singapore has it's obviously attraction, which is why so James Dyson has a big swanky penthouse near me.
NEUT19|I can say that's my very attached neighbor coming up.
NEUT20|But seriously, I suppose it is where Singapore still prevails and be the anchor towards Asia as a Singapore grow maybe now down because of what we see currently taking place in the.
BULL21|Mature growth cycle, but when it turns it will benefit again and it still sitting in a region with the still the better growth than elsewhere anyway itself, so will pass patrol this.
NEUT22|It just may be a bit more painful over the near terms itself cost it will never be cheap because they will always be cheaper elsewhere.
NEUT23|Hi, I'm Emily tannan.
NEUT24|Thanks for watching CNBC.
NEUT25|You can check out more of our videos by clicking on the boxes on the screen.
NEUT26|And don't forget to subscribe to the channel for more.
BULL27|"Thanks for watching."""
