BEAR0|"""All those shares down around 7% the company saying it has a response to claims from DoorDash that it defrauded DoorDash for years and use that revenue to strengthen its position ahead of all those IPO."
BEAR1|Now although did go public a few weeks ago in about a $4 billion IPO, the company saying as Olo has already set for the door dashes allegations are baseless despite all of DoorDash is litigation rhetoric.
NEUT2|The evidence speaks for itself, although will not comment further on ongoing litigation.
NEUT3|Although looks forward to continuing to work with door Dash for the benefit of the restaurant industry now, DoorDash is all those largest customer accounts for about 20% of all those revenue.
NEUT4|That's according to a filing in the New York State Supreme Court from Tuesday.
BEAR5|The company said that although had been charging DoorDash fees that were higher than most of its rivals in violation of an agreement that the two companies had together DoorDash is seeking punitive damages for fraudulent concealment and fraudulent inducement, and says it discovered the discrepancy.
BEAR6|By reviewing Caviars agreement with Ola after it acquired that aggregator, DoorDash said it would have paid about $7 million less since the start of its contract with Ola, which of course is used by restaurants to manage all of these different orders.
NEUT7|It has from delivery aggregators, Deirdre.
NEUT8|Back over to you.
BULL9|OK, this is amazing.
NEUT10|About a week ago the CEO of Olowe gave an interview to another publication talking about how he plans to use IPO proceeds to give restaurants profitable alternatives to door Dash and Uber eats.
NEUT11|So it essentially wants to cut out the middle guy altogether and let customers easier order directly from restaurants as it wants to be.
BEAR12|The Shopify for restaurants that's so interesting as the economy reopens, investors are already worried about the business model of door Dash and.
NEUT13|Uber eats, and if people are going to continue to, you know, order and get their food delivered, but on the other side of this, the restaurant they're getting smarter too, right?
NEUT14|Like DoorDash does offer a solution for just ordering.
NEUT15|They don't actually have to do all of the delivering, but could this be an effective way for restaurants to avoid some of the fees that we've been talking about that have become very expensive?
NEUT16|Those commissions, yeah.
NEUT17|Well, that's such a great point, because one of the things that, although touted in that interview when we had the CEO and Noah Glass on with us on CNBC, was allowing restaurants to hang on to more of that revenue.
NEUT18|We always talk about a lot of the aggregators and all of these really expensive fees, so this is fascinating.
BEAR19|I agree with you to hear from an aggregate are saying no, you all have been overcharging us.
NEUT20|These fees were too high, really interesting turn of events and it'll be very, very intriguing to kind of see what happens.
NEUT21|Is this all moves ahead, but almost as it continues and looks forward to continuing to work with DoorDash.
BULL22|So hopefully the two sorted out.
NEUT23|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT24|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
