BULL0|"""Welcome back today."
NEUT1|I'm going to be talking about the cryptocurrency vet, which is Vechain against tether US based on finance prices and just give you my updated thoughts from my last technical analysis video.
NEUT2|So as you can see, this one had put in this like rising wedge after this big run up stayed high and tight, making higher lows, higher lows and then ultimately broke out of that.
NEUT3|You know, 9.47 Mark ran up all the way, you know, broke $0.10 and went up to about that $0.12 pot.
NEUT4|So I mean just from this video that I had made right around here.
NEUT5|Talking about this pattern, this one still put in your 30 plus percent, so now it's having this, you know, giant doji candle.
BEAR6|So what this represents with along Upper Wick and long lower Wick in small body typically is that there is indecision in the market, so there's a lot of volume today and I think a lot of that can be attributed to the, you know, kind of strange price action from Bitcoin today.
BEAR7|Lot of all coins were getting crushed, this one staying relatively high, staying above that prior breakout spot about that 9.4 cent mark.
NEUT8|But I think the biggest spot to stay above at this point is that 10 cent mark.
BULL9|So I'd like to see some consolidation potentially above this level.
NEUT10|I think what turns this one really bullish again is if it can start to close.
NEUT11|You know anywhere above that like 11 to 11 and a half cent mark.
NEUT12|But like most likely if this one can close really above like 11.48.
NEUT13|Kind of where this upper which was yesterday, I think this one will most likely, you know, retest those highs in the 12 just above $0.12 at that high gets broken and this one will be ready for another move to the upside.
NEUT14|So those are some of the resistance levels I'm watching know.
BEAR15|Typically if this one can really start to get volume again and can break these highs of like that $0.12, but spot, I don't see any reason why 14 to 15 cents isn't extremely realistic in the shorter term, But again, if it starts to pull back, especially with how strange everything's been with Bitcoin and other altcoins today, kind of levels are going to want to see hold at this point.
NEUT16|I would say is most likely that Tencent level and then downs like that 9.4 cents spot.
BEAR17|If that starts to get lossed.
NEUT18|I mean this one could potentially go back to the mid 8 cent range, so those are just some of the resistance or support levels I'd want to see hold.
NEUT19|I mean, ultimately you're going to want to see this one start to hang out high and tight.
NEUT20|Above that Tencent spot and then have another leg up.
NEUT21|I mean, that would kinda be the ideal situation, or if the next candle, 'cause this is kind of a.
NEUT22|An indecisive candle if the next daily candle can just put in another green big green body handle that would obviously be the best scenario, but if it doesn't, you know pop right away.
NEUT23|A little bit of sideways action, or even a small pullback would not be anything to be concerned about unless it starts to lose.
NEUT24|You know all of these different support levels, that's when it gets a little bit tougher too.
NEUT25|You know ultimately be bullish on, so those are just some of my thoughts on this one.
NEUT26|If you found this video valuable that I'll go ahead and like, comment, subscribe and share.
NEUT27|As always, a model financial advisor.
NEUT28|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT29|If you're going to do any investing, speak to a certified financial advisor.
BULL30|"Thanks for watching everyone."""
