NEUT0|"""In the year 2002, Chinese entrepreneurs came together here in Beijing to launch the Internet startup by do overtime."
BULL1|It would become China's most popular search engine and become one of the nation's tech Titans.
NEUT2|Now it's getting into artificial intelligence and self driving cars.
NEUT3|So how did it become so massive and what's next?
NEUT4|Baidu is often referred to as the Google of China.
NEUT5|It commands around 70% of China's Internet searches and given China's massive population, it's among the world's most used search engine.
NEUT6|Baidu was co-founded in 2000 by Robin Lee with its first office in a hotel room near Peking University.
NEUT7|Baidu's literal meaning is hundreds of times, which is meant to represent a persistent search for the ideal.
NEUT8|In 2005, the company went public in the US on the NASDAQ.
NEUT9|It's the employer to around 40,000 people.
NEUT10|Globally Baidu's headquarters is located here in the nation's capital, Beijing.
NEUT11|Not only is it one of China's largest companies, but given the sheer volume of China's population, it's one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
BULL12|It comes in at #4 on this list, ranking the top sites on the web, coming in right behind Google, YouTube and Facebook.
NEUT13|Baidu's primary product is its search engine, but it also is platforms like Maps, images, videos and news searches.
NEUT14|Its launch platforms you've likely never heard of, like Baidu Encyclopedia.
NEUT15|The world's largest user generated Chinese language encyclopedia and it's a major stakeholder in IT.
NEUT16|Dubbed the Netflix of China, that just scratches the surface.
NEUT17|Though there are many, many other verticals that is launched or acquired over the years.
NEUT18|The majority of body's revenue comes from advertising through its many platforms.
NEUT19|It works similarly to Google Adwords in that it's a paper click platform that lets advertisers have their own ads shown against search results or websites that are apart of Baidu's network.
BULL20|Baidu is among the list of the highest revenue generating.
BULL21|Internet companies bringing in more money than Netflix or eBay.
NEUT22|But like all Chinese Internet companies, Baidu is subject to China's strict online censorship.
BEAR23|In fact, the government has find companies including Baidu for failing to properly censor content on their platforms during a government investigation in 2017 by two issued an apology, saying it would work with authorities to rectify the situation.
BULL24|An improved verification efforts on the platform.
NEUT25|So what's next with more than 770 million Internet users?
NEUT26|China is the world's largest.
NEUT27|Internet population, that's the entire population of the US 2 times over.
NEUT28|And what's more, it only represents slightly more than half of China's total population of 1.4 billion.
BEAR29|That means there's still a lot of room to grow as more of China comes online, and since it's would be competitor, Google is banned in China.
NEUT30|Baidu is likely to pick up a large share, but it's not just China whereby do sees its growth by the CEO said he thinks eventually Baidu will go into Europe, US and many other places more than two years later, that expansion seems more focused on partnerships.
NEUT31|Baidu's research facilities for artificial intelligence in Beijing, Seattle and Silicon Valley, where it's working with the likes of Wawayanda, Qualcomm and then there's its self-driving vehicle projects in which it's partnering with Microsoft, Intel and Daimler to try and bring autonomous driving worldwide.
NEUT32|The project is called Apollo, an open source platform that allows partner companies to tap into it.
NEUT33|Baidu has already developed a self driving bus and it's starting to manufacture them to the company, says it wants to see them in the streets of many of the nations.
NEUT34|Cities soon, but it's not just China.
NEUT35|Baidu is also planning to sell to foreign markets as well by do continues to dominate China's search market.
NEUT36|But it's next test is scaling its artificial intelligence and self driving technology outside of China.
BULL37|If it can pull that off, it could become a truly global tech company.
BULL38|Hey guys, it's up to thanks for watching.
NEUT39|Check out more of our videos here and here.
NEUT40|We're also taking suggestions for future.
NEUT41|CNBC explains so leave your comments in the section below.
NEUT42|"And while you're at it, subscribe to our channel."""
