NEUT0|"""It's clean, this be a video chart on ticker symbol M RNA."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame for not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Will a pretty rough day on this one as it was a in trading jargon to summarize things that gap and trap.
NEUT4|What do I mean by that?
NEUT5|In case maybe you're new to trading well on Friday the price closed right there and then.
BULL6|This morning the price opened up there.
BEAR7|Hence what is known as a gap up and then this is where things get pretty Savage.
BEAR8|'cause on the opening Bell there are some poor souls that were buying up around that area and then from that point it was just basically selling pressure.
NEUT9|The rest of the day.
NEUT10|So that's the gap in trap that took place today, which is now revealed.
NEUT11|A couple of key levels to watch from the technical point of view.
NEUT12|First level that really stands out now is this area of support right down there at the 154 mark?
NEUT13|There's a lot of people watching that level, so that's like I'm not trying to come across.
NEUT14|Is that some great discovery on my part, but I emphasized a lot of people watching that level because when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing, called a cellphone prophecy called whatever you want, it can definitely produce some very dynamic movement.
BEAR15|So I'm not saying this is guaranteed to happen, I'm just saying that it's a more than valid thought to have that if the price were to come down to 154 and then breakdown below that level that break in of itself could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure, so 154 deafening to be a very important level.
NEUT16|To keep keep close eye on if 154 doesn't quite hold up, the next key level after that right down there around the 152 mark, so one 54152 two near term levels of resistor accuse me of support as far as areas of resistance are concerned.
NEUT17|The very near term it is all about that purple line right there.
NEUT18|It's on my chart, denotes the very well known, the very famous 50.
NEUT19|Moving average.
BEAR20|You can see that after the price broke down below it this morning right there when the price tried to bounce up, didn't quite hit exactly, but got close enough, came back down.
NEUT21|But then yeah, late day right there.
NEUT22|Got right up around that area.
NEUT23|Got rejected back down.
NEUT24|Current value of that is, we'll call it the one 5750 mark, so those would be the main technical areas to watch moving forward.
NEUT25|Good news is that it's only Monday, still four days left, so let's see how this one continues to play out.
NEUT26|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT27|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT28|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss.
BULL29|Including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT30|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT31|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR32|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it.
NEUT35|Sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT36|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT37|That is again totally live.
NEUT38|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions.
NEUT41|"Let me know if not I'll be seeing you soon."""
