NEUT0|"""How many of you can relate to this?"
NEUT1|I'm lying in bed, minding my own business when I decide that I'm going to check the price of Bitcoin one final time before I hit the hay, because as many of you know, Bitcoin never sleeps, and lo and behold, I see this massive crash.
NEUT2|I jump up out of bed and I go to my computer to find out exactly what's happening, and it turns out to be this article in the Wall Street Journal that says China to shut Bitcoin exchanges authorities to ban commercial trading.
NEUT3|Of all virtual currencies now, this is a statement.
NEUT4|It's not saying there's a rumor.
NEUT5|It really sounds as if they have actually made an announcement related to this.
NEUT6|However, if you actually go and read through the article, you'll find that there is no actual statement being made here.
NEUT7|It is all rumors and speculation, and it's a repeat of the information that had been reported over the weekend by a number of different news outlets.
NEUT8|Now, if we go towards the bottom of the article here.
NEUT9|You'll even see them say two of China's largest domestic Bitcoin exchanges have said over the weekend that regulators haven't asked them to shut down, even as speculation grows.
NEUT10|They even use the word speculation now.
NEUT11|I like the Wall Street Journal I'm subscribed to the Wall Street Journal.
NEUT12|I have both the digital and the print version.
NEUT13|There is a ton of useful information in the Wall Street Journal.
NEUT14|However, this particular article is, I hate to say it, but it's garbage.
NEUT15|If it were titled differently, it would be useful because most of the people who read the Wall Street Journal are not really keeping up with cryptocurrencies actively, so they really don't know what's happening over the weekend.
NEUT16|And to have this in the Monday print version.
BEAR17|Is great for them 'cause they get to stay updated on the market on a casual basis, but because it's reporting it as if it is fact it's going to mislead a lot of traditional investors which might lead to some odd price action such as what we're seeing right now now.
BULL18|I see this as an opportunity to be able to pick up some cheap cryptocurrencies an as a result of that I have put in some lower limit orders.
NEUT19|At around $4050 for Bitcoin for Ethereum, I put an offer in at around 280 and for Litecoin I put an offer in at around 61.
NEUT20|I'm hoping that any of them fill because I honestly believe at those prices there are steel.
BULL21|Now if we look at Cryptowatch you'll actually see that the value of Bitcoin on all of the Chinese exchanges is actually up quite a bit, so this suggests to me that there really has been no announcement from China.
NEUT22|So there's no reason to really worry right now.
NEUT23|This is just something that's internal to the Wall Street Journal.
BULL24|I hope you guys enjoyed this short little video.
NEUT25|Leave a comment.
NEUT26|Like subscription.
NEUT27|"I will get back to any comments that you leave and thank you for watching."""
