NEUT0|"""Lizette, who is the real beneficiary from the deal?"
NEUT1|You know, I think both of them would say that their beneficiaries Taylor what IBM gets is easy to you.
NEUT2|They say it is a easy to use kind of graphical interface so that people throughout their organization can quickly and more easily ask questions.
NEUT3|Get the results they need using AI, and then make decisions on it, right?
NEUT4|So that's what they get, they get to extend their what they already offer in the cloud data pack with AI software.
NEUT5|OK, that's what they get for Palantir.
NEUT6|They get a chance to, kind of.
BULL7|You know, not only expand their sales staff right now, they only have 30 salespeople and they get to use IBM's 2500, you know, sales staff devoted to this, but they also get a chance to kind of see whether this payday, whether this big R&D bed that they began over a year ago is going to pay off so they get a chance to explore that in real time.
NEUT8|Going from 30 to 2500, I can definitely see the focus there.
NEUT9|I can also see the synergies because it sort of seems as though they're going for the same target market right laser?
NEUT10|Yeah exactly, you know as you know you know Palantir.
NEUT11|It's been around for 1314 years.
NEUT12|Co-founded by you know, billionaire Peter Teal.
NEUT13|And it got its start early in government.
NEUT14|I mean it CIA was one of its first and most vocal customers later went into the Department of Defense courses doing tons of work now, not just for the US government to help distribute the vaccine via the Tiberius software program, but also, you know, throughout you know, with the CDC, etc.
NEUT15|What Palantir has fallen short on time and time and time again and what they got hammered for?
NEUT16|You know, for a long time, was the fact that they didn't have any commercial side of the business and what they did have was pretty sparse.
NEUT17|You know, even last quarter they only have 132 customers total, which is is is pretty small, so their target right now is to really beef up the commercial side of that business.
NEUT18|It's almost half of their revenue right now.
NEUT19|You know, as a whole and and really target these larger customers that IBM already have.
NEUT20|Yeah, I thought that was a more interesting part of this Lizette, and I mean obviously I could see why Palantir would want to cozy up with IBM.
NEUT21|I am curious as to whether Palantir things are going to be able to keep IBM in arms length, because at some point IBM is going to decide.
NEUT22|Well, maybe we could do this on our own.
NEUT23|You know that is a good question.
NEUT24|Certainly something that I would predict that they worked out in their conversations.
NEUT25|Apparently they've been working on this since about October.
NEUT26|They've known each other for a long time, but they did not disclose the deal terms unfortunately, you know, and it really comes down to, you know whether you know IBM has the force in House to develop something similar or whether they're going to continue to make good on this reseller agreement.
NEUT27|The head of their cloud pack and data service has pushing this.
NEUT28|Rob Thomas said that he expects half of all of their revenue to come through reseller agreement such as this that they recognize that they can't build it in-house.
NEUT29|"You know that it's going to have to come through reseller deals if they want their customers to to dig into AI, which is where the future is."""
