BEAR0|"""Boo, what is going on in?"
NEUT1|That's the maniacs and night writer here and today we're taking a look at the note that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg just released stating that Facebook will become more privacy focused and that he believes privacy will quote become even more important than on today's open platforms.
NEUT2|Facebook is currently building the next version of its messaging service, which will allow users on Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp to communicate securely.
NEUT3|With one another cross platform, Zuckerberg writes, people want to be able to choose which service they use to communicate with people.
NEUT4|However, today, if you want to message people on Facebook, you have to use Messenger on Instagram.
NEUT5|You have to use direct and on WhatsApp you have to use WhatsApp.
NEUT6|We want to give people a choice so they can reach their friends across these networks from whichever app they prefer.
NEUT7|Zuckerberg also stated private messages would be encrypted.
NEUT8|Writing, I believe the future of communication will increasingly shift to private, encrypted services where people can be confident what they say to each other stays secure and their messages and content won't stick around forever.
NEUT9|Snapchat, which probably still has some deep pics.
NEUT10|I sent some busy back in 2009.
NEUT11|This is the future.
BULL12|I hope we will help bring about Zuckerberg.
BEAR13|Acknowledged Facebook has had some problems recently, but he is aware of them and working to rectify them writing.
NEUT14|I understand that many people don't think Facebook can or would even want to build this kind of privacy focused platform because frankly, we don't currently have a strong reputation for building privacy Protective Services and we've historically focused on tools for more open sharing.
BULL15|But we've repeatedly shown that we can evolve to build the services.
NEUT16|That people really want, including in private messaging and stories.
BULL17|I think this is fantastic for the long term health of Facebook, the company and right now I think you're getting a good deal from a valuation standpoint on this stock.
NEUT18|"Call me a buyer of Facebook."""
