NEUT0|"""When it comes to investing in the stock market, there are a lot of scary things out there, but sometimes people make the mistake of being scared of the wrong things."
NEUT1|I'm Jack Carter, editor of Barons, Here is Liz Ann Sonders, chief investment strategist at Schwab.
NEUT2|We often hear that the millennial generation, in particular, given the two experiences they've had, the tech bubble and then 2008 2009 is gun shy of investing?
NEUT3|Should they be scared of the stock market?
NEUT4|Well, I I think it's understandable you mentioned and they those those two extreme occurrences happened within a 10 year span of time and I think you can look back to the era of the Great Depression and how it really did change the psyche of a generation of investors.
NEUT5|And you could argue maybe we're seeing that as well.
NEUT6|The risk, of course though, is that many of these investors have gone so conservative in their approach to investing that they're setting themselves up to almost guarantee an underperformance relative to inflation, which means they're basically swimming against the tide and the risk, then, is that you.
NEUT7|You're not, you're not earning a sufficient return.
NEUT8|People make the mistake.
BEAR9|I think of thinking that the risk is simply losing money in the market, but unfortunately there are actually other risks.
BEAR10|An losing purchasing power over the long term is a big problem, no question about it now.
NEUT11|I think sometimes we overgeneralize about millennials in every aspect of their lives, how they approach their investing, how they approached, how they live and where they work, and how they commute.
NEUT12|And so I do think that especially if we continue to see.
BULL13|Decent gains in the stock market.
NEUT14|I think you'll capture the hearts and minds of those investors as well.
NEUT15|It's not just a game for.
NEUT16|That's all, as long as they don't wait.
NEUT17|Make the behavioral mistake of being conservative conservative as the market goes up and up and then going all in at the time, panic in right?
NEUT18|Yeah, right.
NEUT19|Panic is not an investing strategy in either direction in or out.
NEUT20|You mentioned Robo advisors.
NEUT21|We know financial advisors who object and say these are not good things.
BEAR22|My feeling is that you could do a lot worse.
NEUT23|What do you think?
NEUT24|So I think for some investors certainly as a place to start, I think it's a.
NEUT25|It's a great vehicle because it's it's.
NEUT26|Low cost the rebalancing, which is such an important part of the investing process, gets done automatically, and I think oftentimes when investors are left to their own devices they will often do the opposite of what rebalancing does for you.
NEUT27|Which country balancing rebalancing is?
NEUT28|If you've got a an asset allocation plan and you're diversified across asset classes and that plan is set up for you as an investor based on your risk tolerance and time horizon, well as asset classes move.
NEUT29|In terms of performance, they're going to move in terms of the weights in your portfolio.
NEUT30|So what rebalancing does is it pairs back from the asset classes that have now grown in size because of outperformance, and add to the asset classes that have underperformed and now represent a smaller weight in your portfolio.
NEUT31|But it forces investors to do that when we're left to our own devices.
NEUT32|We often don't do is what we know we're supposed to buy low, sell high, but it's so hard it is hard, which is why knowing that stuff that's been doing well done automatically.
NEUT33|You as the investor.
NEUT34|Are not the one that has to make that decision of one.
BULL35|It's an appropriate time to re balance, so it forces that discipline on investors that I think can be particularly helpful, especially in extremes in emotions.
BULL36|"Thanks, Liz, thanks."""
