NEUT0|"""In this video we are going to tell you how to use the my combination scans, which is there in the my socket section."
NEUT1|Now, this is a premium feature and is one of the most amazing features of socage which helps you club various cans together and create your strategy to see if the stock passes all the predefined scans added by you.
NEUT2|Now most experienced investors and traders in the market trade or invest in certain para meters.
NEUT3|So this enables you to combine different scan para meters and filter the stocks which qualify the criteria.
NEUT4|So why and how should we use it?
BULL5|For example, you want to see companies whose cash from operations increasing quarterly net profit growth here to you, and also, which is no leverage.
NEUT6|So get going, go to the my combinations, can add a combinations, can give a relevant name to it at the scans according to your preferences and you will see the scans added reflecting in the screen and then click on the Stocks app which fulfills the criteria and you are good to proceed further.
NEUT7|The output which will be available will have stocks divided into two categories.
NEUT8|First is perfect match stocks which fulfill all the scans added in the combination scans.
NEUT9|For example, if you are 10 scans and any stock fulfills 10 out of 10 scans, it will show under this section.
NEUT10|Next is almost there.
NEUT11|Stocks which will build 75% of the criteria.
NEUT12|For example, if you add 10 scans and any stock fulfills 8 out of 10 scans, it will show under almost there.
NEUT13|If you're looking for sector specific output, you can filter the stocks using the bisector filter.
NEUT14|Once you have selected your preferred sector, then select the preferred industry within the sector by using my industries option.
NEUT15|This gives you the list of peer group stocks, using which you can easily conduct peer comparison analysis to determine the best investment option.
NEUT16|So what are you waiting for?
NEUT17|Go ahead and create your own strategy by adding scans to my combination scans and save your time as you can quickly check the output.
NEUT18|Your save strategy.
NEUT19|From here you can create up to 20 combinations cans with ten scans in each combination scan.
BULL20|"Thank you for watching the video."""
