NEUT0|"""Paul Sciarra from Jobean read from many different things, including this back."
BULL1|Thank you so much for joining us.
NEUT2|Read you're such a storied investor.
NEUT3|You've invested in so many different types of companies.
NEUT4|But tell us now why Joey?
NEUT5|So Joey, we did.
NEUT6|We spent months of of diligence looking at which are the right kind of company and the right kinds of things.
NEUT7|And we found Jodi to be so far ahead creating the kind of the vehicle of the future that Tesla meets Uber of the air where we can redefine human mobility.
NEUT8|It can be transformative commutes and where you live, it can be transformative that urgent appointment, whether it's medical or something else, and that ability to create that new transformation of society that benefits individuals inside it because they've done so much good work.
NEUT9|On making that flying car that actually is safe and sane, quiet and affordable, you just it was enchanted.
NEUT10|Well, the video that we're looking at now certainly is dramatic.
NEUT11|Paul give us a sense of what this deal will mean for Joe B 1.6 billion in cash.
NEUT12|How will you be deploying it?
NEUT13|Yeah, so obviously Julia Carl John.
BULL14|Thanks, thanks a lot for having both reading me on today and we're really excited about the transaction today because it does give us the resources to do the things that we know that are going to be important to get this vehicle to commercialization that means certification, manufacturing and then beginning to lay the groundwork for commercial operations.
NEUT15|As we said in 2024.
BULL16|Not really a change in our overall plan, but it's an opportunity to forward invest in the areas that we know that we're going to be apart.
NEUT17|Interesting and in terms of 2024, you know, read it seems like that's not the not too distant future.
NEUT18|This is not the stuff of Jetsons anymore, you know.
NEUT19|You just spoke a little bit about why you're interested in this space in general, why Joe be there are so many different players that are trying to be the future of flying cars of these air taxis.
NEUT20|Why Jobe?
NEUT21|So what we were most focused on was, which are the ones that are actually in fact have flying cars already who have spent 1000 hours in the air.
NEUT22|I mean, that's if you, if you think about 1000 hours, there's a lot of hours and I've actually already had.
NEUT23|Outside demonstration like the Air Force is picking it as the leading thing.
NEUT24|The FAA already working on certification with it and that's what makes it a reality because you know, obviously it's always fun to talk about things that are just kind of speculative and all, but that could be amazing to move into 3D and transform the way where you can live or how you could commute to work, or how you could get to things.
NEUT25|But what we looked at and we said, OK, this is actually in fact very real and we called competitors and regulators and everyone in.
NEUT26|Order to make sure that you know to to cross check that these folks actually in fact were the furthest ahead on the technology, both in what was needed and what was already flying.
NEUT27|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT28|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
