NEUT0|"""Hey guys this is crypto Hodler and welcome back to a brand new video on this channel."
NEUT1|I bring you guys the hottest crypto news from the best sources so that you can keep up with the market and stay ahead of everyone else.
NEUT2|So if you want to stay updated on all the latest news so that you don't miss out on your personality to make it big in crypto, make sure a bang on the subscribe button down below and ring the notification Bell so that you never miss out on any of my future videos.
NEUT3|So in this video we're going to be talking about the engine coin an all the latest news surrounding Indian and the price prediction for engine.
NEUT4|By the end of 2021.
NEUT5|Now before we begin with any kind of news, I just want to explain to you guys why engine is such an amazing coin.
NEUT6|An why is it different from all the other all kinds that you have in the market right now?
NEUT7|So E&G, which is the ticker for engine, is a virtual token based on the etherium network.
NEUT8|It is extremely well known for creating applications in the gaming industry.
NEUT9|Now I do realize that I say this with a lot of excitement, but engine is the only cryptocurrency that have been white listed for use in Japan.
NEUT10|Now if you guys don't think this is big enough let me tell you guys that Japan has one of the toughest.
NEUT11|Regulations on virtual currencies in the world and to be able to make it big in Japan only makes you realize the future possibilities for this coin.
NEUT12|Now, let me just explain to you guys the use case for Engine an, what makes it such a special coin.
NEUT13|Now if you guys don't already know before the creation of online games, the only way that game developers used to make money is by selling their games to the customers directly in the world that we live in to the game developers can not only make money by selling their games to their customers directly, but they can also make money after they've sold the game by selling.
NEUT14|In game items or virtual items in the game, for example, a game like Fortnite which is absolutely free to play is one of the highest earning video games in the world right now.
NEUT15|In 2018, Epic Games made about $3 billion in profit, while Fortnite alone pulled $2.4 billion, which was the most out of any free to play game in the world.
NEUT16|And the only reason for this is that Fortnite was able to sell billions of dollars worth of in game cosmetics or skins to players.
NEUT17|They still continue to buy them to this day.
NEUT18|And this you guys know this is not just true for Fortnite, you could talk about any other game that sells in game cosmetics or items you could talk about GTA5.
NEUT19|You could talk about CS, go.
NEUT20|You could talk about Dota 2, and there are plenty of other games that sell in game items.
NEUT21|Basically, what engine is going to do is it's going to help players tokenize these virtual items by turning them into NFTS.
NEUT22|And NFT is a non fungible item that is unique and cannot be replaced, so every time you make a purchase from a game that is integrated with engine, the item that you purchased would hold value in the real world.
NEUT23|Engine has its own marketplace already where you can create in game items and sell them for real money.
NEUT24|We all know that in game items were already being sold in the grey market, but for the first time in history these items will hold value.
NEUT25|In the real world.
NEUT26|Now Engine has a market cap of $450 million at the time of this video.
NEUT27|With the gaming industry itself valued at over $150 billion now this is considering that engine hasn't even been integrated with any of the AAA games that we know of right now with the acceptance and emergence of blockchain technology.
BULL28|It is the only rational to think that more and more game developers would develop their games on top of decentralized networks which would put engine far ahead of any other gaming token in the market even if engine is able to capture just 10% of the gaming industry, it would increase the value of engine token by more than 25 times, making it more than 12 point $5, which in my opinion is entirely possible.
NEUT29|If you would any engine let me know the comments section as to what motivated you to buy it, but that being said guys that was pretty much the video.
NEUT30|Hope you find this very helpful, and if you did, please don't forget to leave a like to this video and also don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
BULL31|"Thanks a lot for watching and I'll talk to you guys in the next one."""
