BULL0|"""Facebook stock represents the single best opportunity in the stock market."
BEAR1|As of now, Facebook's price to earnings ratio relative to its peers is only 23.79, which is dramatically lower than competitors such as Twitter, which is 90.58 and Snapchat, which is, as you might have guessed, negative.
NEUT2|Essentially, you could make the argument that Facebook is a value investor play to gain massive exposure to the upside.
BULL3|Social media, advertising and virtual reality while Facebook is relatively cheap compared to its peers and compared to the majority of stocks in this market currently, you could also make the argument that while the Facebook's actual Facebook platform may be decelerating in its user growth, it is only just begun to generate revenue and in turn profits when it comes to Instagram, which is rapidly growing in further monetizing WhatsApp, which is in the.
NEUT4|Early stages of monetization and Oculus which is prepped to be at the forefront of virtual reality, when, if ever, the virtual reality market penetrates the general public in the everyday consumer while with Facebook's current valuation.
NEUT5|It doesn't seem like a lot of these scenarios Oculus.
NEUT6|And WhatsApp monetization are factored in whatsoever.
BEAR7|Furthermore, from a technical perspective, Facebook is oversold from every angle an every perspective and currently perched upon support.
NEUT8|Established in June of 2017 with an RSI currently of 35, which is indicative of highly oversold conditions.
BULL9|Facebook, in my opinion is due for a rally.
BULL10|Additionally, I believe that once Facebook, if ever, can regain the trust of its consumers following the effects of the Cambridge Analytica scandal earlier this March and rebuild the Consumers Trust in Facebook's use of their data.
NEUT11|We will see this reflected in their stock valuation to some extent.
BULL12|We will see this positively reflected in their stock valuation to some extent.
BULL13|And if it can continue to further monetize its social media platforms, WhatsApp and new hardware products, such as their portal in the future, I think we will see revenue and profits to dramatically increase and in turn a massive increase in the valuation of its stock price.
BULL14|Unless you are of the firm belief that a stock market crash will likely ensue in the near future, I think the current price of Facebook represents a great opportunity to gain massive exposure in the digital advertising industry.
NEUT15|Slash ecommerce, social media and virtual reality 3 industries, of which I believe we've only witnessed the tip of the iceberg when it comes to their growth.
NEUT16|With that being said, folks, make sure to smash the subscribe button harder than you would the homecoming Queen on prom night and drop a fat like folks.
BULL17|As always, stay profitable and keep making that money.
NEUT18|Do the impossible.
NEUT19|See the invisible row row fight the power custom untouchable.
BULL20|Great the unbreakable row row.
BEAR21|Fight the power power keeps powerful team still missing piece category so incomplete.
NEUT22|"The soldiers from underground see how easy they offer down digging through the courts."""
