BULL0|"""Bitcoin is on track of further price appreciation as it decouples from a classic positive correlation with tech stocks, according to Mike Mcglone of Bloomberg Intelligence."
BEAR1|On Wednesday, the senior commodity strategist highlighted the ongoing trend deviation between the flagship cryptocurrency and the NASDAQ 100 stock Index, a benchmark that tracks the market performance of leading US technology.
BULL2|Companies keep posted a chart that showed BTC USD in a clear uptrend in comparison to a slightly bearish NASDAQ 100, at least in the previous five weeks.
BULL3|Excerpt the rise of coronavirus infection rates earlier this year played a key role in sending tech stocks higher.
BULL4|Apple and Microsoft reclaimed its trillion dollar market capitalizations.
BULL5|Meanwhile, the global lockdowns also helped Alphabet Google and Amazon enter the Quattro, club.
BULL6|Overall, the NASDAQ 100 surged by as much as 41.22% as of September 3rd on a year to date timeframe.
BULL7|In comparison, the Nasdaq Composite Index was up by a maximum of 30.17% Bitcoin, a tech acid itself without a listing on leading Wall Street indexes.
BULL8|Surged 121.36% after establishing its yearly high near $16,000 earlier this month.
BULL9|That pushed the crypto currencies, market capitalization, Tilda dollar 200 billion above that of PayPal Inc. Tilda dollar 186 billion.
BEAR10|The NASDAQ 100 started correcting lower because of a string of reasons ranging from a long delay in the second coronavirus relief bill.
BULL11|In more recently, the stock reallocation that followed a successful trial of a potential COVID-19 vaccine by Pfizer and its partner drugmaker Bio N Tech, while Bitcoin corrected alongside the NASDAQ 100.
NEUT12|On the stimulus delay woes, it refused to bulge into the vaccine news.
BULL13|A sell off attempt in the cryptocurrency market met with a strong bullish response.
BULL14|As of Wednesday, BTC USD was hinting to retest $16,000.
BEAR15|The contrasting moves between the NASDAQ 100 and Bitcoin attempted to show investors absence of reliance on the tech stocks for further market cues on the cryptocurrency.
NEUT16|As Mr. Mcglown also highlighted, Bitcoin now has its own fundamental and technical catalysts to fuel its price rally.
NEUT17|One of them is the latest endorsements by mainstream investors.
NEUT18|Months after hedge fund veteran Paul Tudor Jones called Bitcoin the fastest horse in the financial markets, billionaire investor Stan Druckenmiller said that he holds the crypto currency as insurance against monetary inflation last month.
NEUT19|"PayPal also forayed into the Bitcoin sector by launching services that allow millions of its users to sell, purchase, store and spend cryptocurrencies."""
