NEUT0|"""Age play in this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL Apple, we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer explanation video at that link.
BEAR3|Well, a very rough day on this one, especially when you factor in the context of just how strong it closed on Wednesday.
BEAR4|So not only was that big movement wiped away, I mean the price just kept dropping and dropping, dropping so very clearly, a lot of downward pressure downwards.
BULL5|Momentum headed here into Friday, which is not a guarantee of anything, but it's at least worth noting 'cause it looks like it could be in play, but this level of support down there at 119 fifty could very well be tested, and historically speaking this has been a very solid area, so if the price does get down there, you know it's a very watched level and it's a very good question.
NEUT6|Be wondering what exactly is going to happen down there?
NEUT7|Is the price just going?
NEUT8|You know, blow down through there and keep on dropping.
NEUT9|Or could history repeat itself again where the price says you know bounced off that level very nicely a couple of Times Now don't get me wrong, I wish I could say trade was this easy.
BEAR10|Just because the prices bounced off that level a couple times before does not mean that for sure.
BULL11|Guaranteed the price will once again bounce, but I mean, is it at least a valid?
NEUT12|Is it at least the irrational question threw out there and it's a possibility?
NEUT13|Yeah, it absolutely is.
NEUT14|So keep an eye on one.
NEUT15|1950, definitely very interesting level, not necessarily on Friday, but over the next few days here.
NEUT16|Now, if the price of a sudden starts to turn itself around, 'cause maybe this downward pressure says Nope, we're done and the buyer show back up.
NEUT17|So on any sort of attempted bounce to the upside first key level of resistance going to be right there that pink line there, which on my chart and notes that 200.
NEUT18|Moving average where you can see, was basically the level that continue to not allow the price that to make any sort of upwards progress today and the current value of that as well, just call it right around one 2235.
BEAR19|So again, like I said, on any sort of attempted bounce of the upside, keep a very close eye on one 2235, but as of right now definitely a lot of downward pressure.
NEUT20|So Friday going to be very interesting day.
NEUT21|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT22|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT23|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL24|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT25|The first key is super weird.
NEUT26|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT27|But in a cruel way.
BEAR28|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT29|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT30|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT31|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT33|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT34|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
