NEUT0|"""I also want to shift over and focus in on Square, since that company also reported they had seen a hit when we talk about lockdown and people not going out earlier in the year, but they too just reported that demographic or that that dynamic at least seems to be changing a bit."
NEUT1|So what do we hear from square?
NEUT2|Yeah, square?
NEUT3|I mean destroyed earnings expectations, which is remarkable, because will square and Shopify two names that actually if you look at their stock charts, they really moved in lockstep.
BEAR4|They both service small businesses and so you might think at least you know in the first few months of the pandemic they would have taken a huge hit.
NEUT5|Since their small businesses took a huge hit but really a lot of the recent upgrades square even before his earnings, we got, we're talking about the fact that they're helping small businesses digitized get online so businesses that were hammered but didn't go out of business.
NEUT6|And we know that.
BEAR7|Sadly, somebody did go out of business.
NEUT8|You know, a lot of them bounced back by using companies like Square and their products and services to really optimize for E Commerce.
NEUT9|Because it's all about e-commerce.
BEAR10|Now square just shattered expectations on revenue and on earnings per share.
NEUT11|And the most interesting thing within that cash app.
BULL12|Revenue was up 174%, so a lot more people using cash app that's that peer to peer app and then Zach within the cash app number something I know you were interested in as well, but the Bitcoin numbers for square really interesting Now the company back in 2018 first implemented the option to buy and trade Bitcoin within Cash app.
BEAR13|The numbers on this were really small for a lot of quarters in a row.
NEUT14|Now this quarter the first square has ever had with more than a billion dollars in Bitcoin revenue.
BEAR15|Now the Bitcoin profit a much smaller #32 million but that also was double.
BULL16|The Bitcoin profit from 1/4 before so starting to see more square customers buy or trade Bitcoin in the app, but also of course as bitcoins price has gone up.
BULL17|That has been a huge boon to square and I'm sure Jack Dorsey, who we know is a huge Bitcoin believer, is very happy about that.
NEUT18|I mean the company some people kind of thought when it added that Bitcoin feature that it looks a little bit like a distraction.
NEUT19|It looks like square endorsee we're too obsessed with Bitcoin, but right now you have to think that turning on that feature within cash app is paying off.
BULL20|Yeah, especially as we see Bitcoin again, trading above that 15,000 level, we'll see what happens there, but clearly happy Jack Dorsey today with the shares up 110% in Roberts.
BULL21|"Appreciate you bringing us that."""
