NEUT0|"""So let's get through some of these price target increases."
NEUT1|So Rosenblatt raised its price target to 186 key Bank 185 Chelsea of course 180.
NEUT2|I love peloton as much as the next person.
NEUT3|Probably don't write as much as I should.
NEUT4|That's a story for another day, but what's behind the continued optimism?
NEUT5|I think the continued optimism comes from a few different things when you think about now, it just they just announced acquisition with Precor.
BULL6|It brings them into the commercial market in a bigger way, so they're going to be able to have that ability to expand into a new channel.
BEAR7|Plus the fact the biggest obstacle for Peloton has been being able to meet demand with the supply they've been constrained on supply.
BULL8|They now have an additional 600 and 25,000 square feet of manufacturing supply located in the United States that helps helps Peloton that helped Precor.
BULL9|I think the other thing is, take a look at more content they're offering in the consumer engagement, they just exponentially increased their ability to drive sales and drive profits both through product, through channel and geography.
NEUT10|I do want to talk more about that in just a moment, but first I want to push back because it does seem like now with vaccine distribution seeming much more likely.
NEUT11|The story is becoming more about the reopening tree that people will, after being cooped up in their homes all year, that people will look forward to going back to the gym and will look forward to socializing with other people.
NEUT12|So what makes you think that this trend of working out at home will continue?
NEUT13|I think there's a couple things it typically takes on average around 66 days to form a habit, and when you're able to workout in your home and then do other things and get out, it helps.
NEUT14|It doesn't mean that people aren't going to go to a peloton class 'cause they have that opportunity, and frankly, even before the covid environment happened, there were gatherings of people who would ride together, never see that see each other in person, and they would have a meeting at one of the peloton head head classes, which is basically here in New York City where they all meet.
BULL15|So I think you'll be able to have that.
NEUT16|But the functionality of being able to do what you want when you want I don't think is replaced and take a look at the engagement.
BULL17|Also, the digital content is bringing more consumers and now another channels like commercial plus in your home.
NEUT18|I think it gives a more optionality.
BULL19|Certainly the Beyoncé announcement not too long ago with some good news for the company as well.
NEUT20|She doesn't partner with a lot of companies so I think it said a lot that she did decide to work with Peloton.
NEUT21|Let's talk about some of the new channels that you see moving forward.
NEUT22|For Palatine.
BULL23|I know that I've seen that they've been pushing yoga more.
NEUT24|They've been pushing cardio more, so it almost seems like they're trying to move away from just being.
NEUT25|Seen as a cycling company.
NEUT26|Well, they want to be your full workout resource and one of the things they have is they have the data about that consumer.
NEUT27|So if you are involved in their community then you want to engage them in more activities and they're doing that with yoga that can do it with meditation.
NEUT28|And I think you're going to see that also with the lower priced red, they're giving more options for the price .2 and how to get consumers engaged in the in their offering.
NEUT29|Or that I think exercise is good for stress relief and 2020 has been if nothing else has been stressful, so we'll see.
NEUT30|Sort of how moving forward people continue to use Peloton if they use it in the same way Dana Telsey will leave it there.
NEUT31|Thank you.
NEUT32|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT33|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
