BULL0|"""Let's talk about whether or not we are seeing certain parts of the market that are still buys, even though we're at record highs."
NEUT1|I think that's the case.
BULL2|Up until now I was able to make the argument that we were seeing anemic multiples in some of these sectors, but the multiples have largely caught up over the last few months.
BEAR3|Now my outlook is that the earnings are far too light in the back half of the year.
BULL4|The jobs number was a great indication of this where it came in 50% higher than the consensus estimates.
BULL5|And So what I'm looking for is particularly those value and cyclical sectors that the earnings revisions will keep coming in, and that will see significantly higher earnings for the back half of 2021.
NEUT6|And we're seeing now where we're at right now, 60 to 70% of pre pandemic levels in our estimates, so those will need to come up.
BULL7|Will have some upside surprises on earnings, will have some upward revisions, and that will be the driver of performance.
NEUT8|Let's talk ideas Greg.
NEUT9|If that earnings catalyst is there, what stocks are going to be the most propelled by that kind of an?
NEUT10|Tailwind.
BULL11|Right, so I think financials is still an opportune sector where we might see the net interest margin environment become much more accommodating, which lifts all boats.
NEUT12|But I'd still focus in on those large, diversified players that have shown profit drivers that have shown revenue streams from other activities like capital markets like trading like IPOs and with an accommodative fed and with historic liquidity, those should continue to be sources of strength and also look at some retail sectors.
NEUT13|Obviously spending will come back from the consumer, probably in a big way, but portions of our society have not participated in that historically high savings rate, and so focusing in on the value shopping sector, and they're not all created equal.
NEUT14|I'd really focus in on those that have taken the opportunity to invest in retailing.
NEUT15|Remember, he retailing has gained massive share of the last year about a decade's worth of share in the last 12 months, and so the Walmarts and the targets of the world.
NEUT16|Will benefit both from the value shopping as well as from the E retailing and separate themselves from the targets and the losses of the world and the reopening trade.
NEUT17|We've talked about it a lot.
BULL18|It will normalize at some point, but there are there places in the market that are maybe outside traditional airlines and hotels that you are finding the most opportunity, the most runway for higher, higher returns in the coming 6 to 12 months.
NEUT19|Right, and so the way I look at the reopening trade is I want to be in business models that are fairly predictable and then have some certainty with airlines with cruise lines, I don't really have that certainty and quite frankly, neither do the CEOs, which is why we're lacking guidance.
NEUT20|And so the first step I take is looking at the business models that I know that I trust in are predictable, and within that swath of sectors like casinos, many of them lossed money last year and will return to.
BULL21|$3 plus a share in profits as well as the same in dividend, and so you're going to see some pretty significant rebounds in some of those business models that are fairly predictable that haven't been stigmatized.
NEUT22|And then I think we'll have big years.
NEUT23|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT24|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
