BULL0|"""Despite the sharp depreciation on Thursday, the recent rise of Bitcoin to historic highs shows signs of development of a large class assets and not the formation of another bubble."
BULL1|Experts interviewed by Bloomberg say the cryptocurrency market has become much deeper and more liquid since the bull rally in 2017, which continues to attract major Wall Street players.
BULL2|They say Bitcoin has potential to become for our global monetary economy.
NEUT3|What the Internet is become a global society.
NEUT4|Cruz Associates Founder 10 credit.
NEUT5|Cordero said the main issues for Bitcoin are trust, distribution and regulation.
BULL6|Bloomberg cites 5 metrics showing the continued growth of Bitcoin network effect, the number of Bitcoin users continues to grow, surpassing the competition DOT.
NEUT7|There are currently more than 30 million addresses with activebalancesheetsbytree.com, as can be seen in the graph below.
NEUT8|The number of Bitcoin wallets with non 0 balance is now EXEDS 2017.
NEUT9|Market depth the rapid growth of Bitcoin futures of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Me is another example of the convergence of cryptocurrency trading with mass markets.
BULL10|Dot open interest has tripled this year, making it easier for investors to trade DOT with 12,000 active contracts.
BULL11|It is about three times the size OFA bridge levels of 2019.5 BTC reducing delays.
BEAR12|One of the main problems in 2017.
BEAR13|Well shy delays in transaction processing.
BEAR14|It was largely resolved by software changes in distribution to services.
BEAR15|The size of the Bitcoin mempool is now significantly lower than in 2017, according to datafromblockchain.com.
NEUT16|Now everything is different.
BULL17|There have been improvements in the network dot Mati Greenspan, CEO of Quantum Economics, said alternative asset.
NEUT18|"Many of the bonds on the market offer a low yield so traditional investors have to rethink the approach to portfolio formation."""
