NEUT0|"""Welcome back to another video today."
NEUT1|I'm going to be doing some technical analysis for the cryptocurrency wabi against Tether, or against the US dollar calculated by trading view based off of finance prices, and this is just an update from my last video.
BEAR2|So as you can see in the last video I had kind of drawn out this resistance level around that 90 cent Mark and I had said that if that level couldn't really get closed above you know this one could potentially pull back as low as like $0.80 and if it lost that 80 cent level that I was most likely coming back down.
NEUT3|To the you know, mid to low 60s which ultimately ended up happening in the way that I was looking at this one.
NEUT4|And I'm not sure why.
NEUT5|I'm not sure if I deleted the support and resistance or what happened, but I mean and This is why it's important to look at support and resistance on the daily chart as well, like as you can see right here, there was very like clear level of support when it finally got lost.
NEUT6|And then it couldn't close above it again like this acted as resistance.
BEAR7|So like I've said, support levels get lossed.
BEAR8|Oftentimes you'll see it flip into a resistance level, so this $0.80 pot, which was 123 touches, ultimately gets lossed.
BEAR9|And now now it's touched it about five times and hasn't really been able to get back above an close above that 80 cent spot on the daily.
NEUT10|I mean, that's now acting as a pretty strong resistance, so as far as support goes, at this point you can see pretty clearly here.
NEUT11|That is far as like you know where you don't want to see a close below as you don't want to see it closed below like this.
NEUT12|65 to 66 cent level.
BEAR13|I mean, obviously there's been a couple of weeks that have gone below it down to out $0.63, so this would kind of be the spot below it to make sure that it doesn't really close below, but anything lower than this.
BEAR14|You know if it starts to really breakdown and lose these two levels and close below it, you know this one could potentially be back in the mid to low $0.50 range.
NEUT15|I mean, I think the last stop would be like that 59 cent spot.
BEAR16|And if that can't get held I mean really, this one has the potential to go down to that mid to low 50s.
NEUT17|But what I want to see happen at this point is for it to consolidate a little bit longer in this channel or for it to start to curl back up 'cause it had this big pop.
NEUT18|I mean it had a pretty big retracement but now it's kind of going sideways so it might need to go sideways a little bit longer.
BULL19|Or you'll start to see this one start to curl back up and it can start to curl back up on increasing volume.
NEUT20|The spots that you're going to want to see broken and held is you're going to want to see this 87 level for starters, broken and held on the daily.
NEUT21|Above that probably 87 ish sense.
BULL22|As you can see, based on the top of one of these wakes in the bodies of these candles is your next level of resistance, and then ultimately a close above that $0.90 pot to $0.91 will send this one, probably back up to a dollar plus which would turn this one really, really bullish.
NEUT23|So those are just some of my thoughts as far as like what you're going to want to see happen.
NEUT24|At this point, you really don't want to see it start to you know, form another leg down to either want to see it start to curl back up in the next day or two, or you want to see it go sideways a little bit longer and just kind of holding this and making it even stronger support before eventually starting to curl back up.
NEUT25|I mean, it could happen, you know, as soon as a day or two where it starts to bounce and come back up, or this is something that could take another week or two before it starts to curl, but ultimately you don't want to see this one start to breakdown, because then it's going to start to look.
NEUT26|You know, relatively weak and potentially re test you at the low 50 Cent level, so those are just kind of my thoughts in general on this chart.
NEUT27|So if this video provide any value to it all, go ahead and like comment, subscribe and share.
NEUT28|As always, I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT29|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT30|If you're going to do any investing, speak to a certified financial advisor.
BULL31|"Thanks for watching everyone."""
