BEAR0|"""A video game store is at the heart of a Titanic struggle between short sellers and retail investors."
NEUT1|Until recently, GameStop was a company whose time seemed to have fast with serious gamers turning to the Internet, not the mall, to get their games.
BULL2|But then social media got involved starting a meteoric rise in GameStop stock.
BULL3|After Reddit Wallstreetbets Forum started pumping the stock to its users, the Army of social Media empowered day traders.
BULL4|Catapulted the former smallcaps market value beyond those of even members of the S&P 500.
NEUT5|It just reflects the liquidy that exists in the new players in the markets.
NEUT6|You know, historically, it's indicative of a bubble type environment.
NEUT7|But you know, it can go for a long time.
NEUT8|The Amateur day traders were targeting short positions held by Gabe Plotkin's, Melvin Capital and Andrew left Citron Research hedge fund Titans Ken Griffin and Steve Cohen injected a total of two and three quarters billion dollars into Melvin Capital.
NEUT9|Amid the short squeeze distress, what's happening is that the retail right now is stronger, but short bets come back and fill in, so it's it's just a battle that's going to continue.
BULL10|You're going to see GameStop go way higher within a matter of days.
BEAR11|The Red Army had pushed the rally so high that Melvin Capital Ann Citron threw in the towel.
NEUT12|Citron research will no longer be publishing what can be considered as short selling reports.
BULL13|The Red Army of Day Traders also boosted other husbands, including BlackBerry Retailer Express and AMC, which is fine and stave off bankruptcy.
NEUT14|Hedge funds are now on the hunt for other companies that could end up on the Reddit mobs radar.
BEAR15|I think you're going to see a number of hedge funds to declare bankruptcy in the server next several days.
BEAR16|Online brokerages reported service disruptions caused by the retail trading frenzy and a number of them including Robin Hood.
NEUT17|Took the rare step of limiting some transactions on shares of GameStop, AMC and others.
NEUT18|You're witnessing the French Revolution of Finance where the proletariat is rising up to change the order structure in finance.
BEAR19|There's been a surge in overall retail trading activity as people stuck at home tried their hands at trading.
NEUT20|According to Bloomberg intelligence, individual investors accounted for almost 20% of the trading volume in 2020.
NEUT21|The fact that retail investors.
BULL22|They're going to be able to communicate with one another that they can actually consolidate their.
NEUT23|"Buying power is something I don't think the regulars would have anticipated even three years ago."""
