BULL0|"""Zelica coin staking price prediction January 5th."
NEUT1|In today's silica coin.
BULL2|Staking price prediction Zilker another bull run.
BULL3|Alright, let's get started zelica recently rose two and U2 year high of 0.054 dollars.
BULL4|After breaking out of a massive consolidation pattern, the coins value could rise as high as $0.36.
BULL5|In the future Zelica prime for 600% gains.
BULL6|While Zed, IL could still increase in value.
BEAR7|Several technical patterns warn of a short term correction before the uptrend resumes.
BULL8|When looking at silica from a macro perspective, namely the one week chart, the 0.028 dollars level has proven to be quite significant.
BULL9|Basilicas trend this price hurdle has served as strong resistance.
BEAR10|Ever since then I'll drop beneath it in November 2018 containing the cryptocurrency from achieving its upside potential.
BEAR11|Since then, each time the liquor attempted to breakthrough this supply barrier, a major correction followed, but on December 2nd the buying pressure behind the cryptocurrency was strong enough to breakthrough the 0.028 dollars multi year barrier.
BULL12|This led to a 106% upswing despite the massive gains in curd in such a short period, Zed IL seems primed to advance further from a long term perspective, an inverse head and shoulders pattern on the weekly chart means that silica prices could rise by more than 600% to hit a target of $0.36.
NEUT13|This target is determined by measuring the distance between the patterns head and the neck line and adding it to the breakout point.
BEAR14|Short term correction on the horizon in shorter timeframes such as the daily chart, silica seems to be bound for a short lived pull back before the uptrend resumes.
NEUT15|The TD Sequential indicator recently presented a cell signal that developed as a green 9 candle stick.
BEAR16|The bearish formation anticipates up to four daily candle sticks correction, which may serve as an opportunity for sidelined investors to re-enter the market.
BULL17|The appearance of a shooting star candle stick within the same time frame adds credence to the near term bearish outlook.
BEAR18|It indicates that buyers are losing control as time goes by.
BEAR19|If an increase in sell orders around the current price levels pushes Silica to close below the 78.6% Fibbonaci retracement level.
BEAR20|That would confirm the bearish formations under such circumstances Zed, IL will likely drop to the 50% or 38.2% Fibonacci retracement levels.
BEAR21|These critical areas of support sit at 0.038 dollars and 0.034 dollars respectively, regardless of the high probability of a downswing before higher highs, silica looks unstoppable at current levels of further increasing buying pressure that sends it IL above its recent high of 0.054 dollars can invalidate the pessimistic outlook.
BEAR22|If this happens, the uptrend would resume targeting 0.070 dollars before the next pullback.
NEUT23|That's what's been happening this week in the world of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT24|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT25|If you enjoyed this edition of silica coin staking price prediction, leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL26|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT27|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT28|"Check out last week's silica coin staking price prediction by checking out our silica coin staking playlist."""
