NEUT0|"""What do we think Yellen has in mind with this meeting with the SEC and the CFTC?"
NEUT1|Well, I think that the secretary wants very much to be able to say I want to know what happened to the regular person here.
NEUT2|I want to know whether we need to change some of the some of the regulations you know will be blood tenant.
NEUT3|Put out a piece yesterday about saying day transactions and what it would mean and how much better would be versus the way that Wall Street is done.
NEUT4|Things he's a revolutionary who's obviously been pilloried during this.
NEUT5|Robin Hood is not necessarily come out as being a good actor.
NEUT6|I I think there are tremendous 'cause they bought 17 million people in but.
NEUT7|A secretary should do this because we want markets to be free and fair, but I think that one of the things that she's always going to have to dress in, David, you know, this is the notion of caveat emptor when you biastock, it's risky, and if she's going to try to get anything that gets that makes it clear that when you decide, let's say you're going to be in something like a GameStop.
BULL8|That's terrific.
NEUT9|Everybody has a right to do everything, but please understand the risks and understand suitability.
NEUT10|Anything David that she can do, that's like that is going to end up helping the regular person and not hurt.
NEUT11|Of course, the hedge funds.
NEUT12|Right, and perhaps the move away from this.
NEUT13|Well, we'll see.
BEAR14|I don't know the antagonism between sort of these traders and and the hedge funds you know, interesting and a lot of people end up losing here.
NEUT15|It's unclear how many people will really gain when, when we when we tell this story, those who were long early obviously in GameStop and chose to get out certainly are the beneficiaries perhaps, and have done quite well, but there were plenty who got in and are suffering or have suffered significant losses.
NEUT16|Obviously the hedge fund, Melvin being the key one.
BEAR17|Down dramatically, a number of other hedge funds, Robin Hood a loser here.
BEAR18|One would argue as well, angering its customer base.
NEUT19|Having raised billions of dollars in a fascinating story.
NEUT20|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT21|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
