BEAR0|"""We're seeing more and more investors ill prepared for the elongation of their liabilities because the persistent low."
NEUT1|Interest rates are extending their their value of their payments to their.
NEUT2|To their participants in and.
NEUT3|So we are persistently seeing investors worldwide under invested, not over invested in long long term assets, and the best source of long term assets are equities and many asset categories in the private area, and that's another area that's driving it.
NEUT4|If you can forecast that we are going to have low interest rate for one or two or three more years.
BEAR5|These liabilities just extended, you're going to either have a mismatch between your liabilities or assets.
BULL6|Or you're going to have to put that money to work in a longer dated assets and that's what we are persistently seeing, and I think I said that at the end of the third quarter that we're going to continue to see that rally.
BULL7|I think we're going to continue to see the market to be strong into 2021.
NEUT8|Probably not as strong as what we saw the you know in the fourth quarter or the third quarter last year, but we can't see light at the end of the tunnel, I believe by.
NEUT9|June, July in many parts of the developed world we're going to we have the possibilities of herd immunity and when we have herd immunity.
NEUT10|Through vaccinations we're going to see the industries that are that are still struggling.
NEUT11|The industries around the aggregation.
NEUT12|An congregation of human beings such as culture such as business conferences, sporting events, and importantly restaurant San.
NEUT13|Importantly travel.
NEUT14|That's when you're going to start seeing.
NEUT15|Most certainly by the fourth quarter, but maybe in the third quarter.
NEUT16|Our real extended economic.
NEUT17|Rally in terms of the overall economies and I think this is one of the things that the markets saying the markets when they believe that we can get to those points.
BULL18|The market starts focusing on that and that's why we've seen the rally in the fourth quarter with the knowledge about the vaccinations and how effective the vaccinations are an we're getting closer to the potential herd immunity statistics that allow us to live more freely.
BEAR19|Now before that, obviously we're seeing rising death rates.
BEAR20|We're seeing rising effect infection rates, so we're going to have to balancing that out.
BEAR21|I personally believe this first quarter is probably weaker than we probably thought just a month ago because of the rising infection rates, and because of the.
NEUT22|And the death associated with that.
NEUT23|But at the other at the same time, we can see government, especially our government, now truly focusing on the supply chain and distribution chain of getting the vaccinations to more and more people and hopefully by May or June.
NEUT24|The majority of our population can have that vaccination.
NEUT25|It will have herd immunity.
NEUT26|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT27|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
