NEUT0|"""Hello everyone I'm John with JP strategic investments and today we're going to go over some recent news relating to Rocket Company stock, including a big update on their website."
NEUT1|In an interview with CEO Jay Farner in which he gave a warning to short sellers and finally I'll give my thoughts on why Rocket is different from most of these stocks, experiencing short squeezes and what this means for the stock going forward.
NEUT2|So let's dive right in.
NEUT3|So first of all, something important.
NEUT4|The rocket just announced today is that they will report their fourth quarter 2020 earnings on February 25th and that the earnings call will be held at 4:30 PM.
NEUT5|Eastern Time, so if you're a rocket shareholder or you just like to trade earnings, mark that on your calendars for February 25th.
NEUT6|Now with that out of the way, I also want to touch on a recent update that bracket released a couple days ago and that is that they launched their national broker Directory on their website.
NEUT7|This allows customers to find a local broker that they know and trust to facilitate the loan process while still using rocket mortgage is trusted and easy to use platform.
BULL8|This is great for rocket because it means that they can funnel even more customers into their platform by leveraging these local brokers, not only increasing their revenue but also increasing their brand recognition.
BEAR9|And while this partnership will likely have a lower margin than their direct sales, it shouldn't affect margins by too much because the brokers are also benefiting from the steel.
NEUT10|And Lastly, before we get into the short squeeze, there was also a little Easter egg hidden in this press release a few paragraphs down the press release states, in addition to Rocket mortgage is usual advertising that can lead home buyers to a mortgage professional through the new directory.
NEUT11|The company announced that they will soon be broadcasting a very special advertisement exclusively dedicated to brokers during America's largest broadcast event, so we can only assume that they're talking about the Super Bowl here, and it's interesting to see that they're choosing to direct this ad.
BULL12|Specifically to brokers, so obviously they think that they have a big opportunity here to partner with these local brokers.
NEUT13|Now, of course, this doesn't mean that they could also have another ad directed Tord consumers, but there's nothing specific about that in this press release, all right now.
NEUT14|Let's get into the recent short squeeze and how it's affecting Rocket and why rocket stock is different than a lot of these other stocks.
NEUT15|Zero.
NEUT16|First, I want to show you exactly what Jay Farner said this morning.
NEUT17|He actually gave a shout out to retail investors, saying that there are a lot of retail investors in the stock, and then he thinks that this bodes well for the company.
NEUT18|Then he was asked about the short situation and what he thinks about it and this is what he had to say.
BEAR19|Well, like I mentioned, I feel really sorry.
NEUT20|I've been here 25 years.
NEUT21|I know all the things that we're doing.
NEUT22|I understand the power of the platform.
NEUT23|I understand the profitability were able to drive and so you know my advice would be that this is not a stock that you want to be short in.
NEUT24|You might want to rethink your position if that's if that's how you're playing it.
BULL25|We've got a great track record and a lot of exciting things we're working on.
NEUT26|So obviously J is the CEO of the company, so there's a little bias here when he says that this is not a stock that you want to be shorting.
NEUT27|But he does make some good points that most long term rocket investors tend to agree with.
BULL28|Not only does the company have a lot of great growth vectors ahead of it, but the major difference between rocket company stock and most of the other heavily shorted stocks on the market is that rocket is still hugely undervalued.
NEUT29|It trades at a PE ratio of less than four even Coca Cola that is grown less than 15% in the last five years trades at a PE ratio more than six times that.
NEUT30|If we look at GameStop, AMC and any of these other stocks that are getting squeezed right now, anyone can plainly see that they're overvalued.
BEAR31|And while the squeeze may continue in the short term, eventually these stocks are going to have to re align with the fundamentals of those companies, and that won't be pretty rocket stock.
NEUT32|On the other hand, could triple Ann still trade at a PE of less than 15?
BEAR33|That alone should cause shorts in the stock to reconsider their position, even if they did sell short when the stock was in the 30s.
NEUT34|I hope you found this analysis helpful, and if you did, please consider liking and subscribing and don't forget to leave me a comment below letting me know exactly what you think of rocket stock.
NEUT35|"Other than that, see you next time and have a great day."""
