NEUT0|"""So what's driving the home builder part?"
NEUT1|Is it you think an urban exodus?
NEUT2|It's a good question.
NEUT3|I think that the trend really was in place before covid, and if you think about sort of the demographic wave that's coming through the pipe right now, there's about 26 million millennials of Prime home buying age today.
BULL4|That's going to accelerate to about 29 million in 2025, and at that point it's going to.
NEUT5|That group will be about 3,000,000 greater than the baby boomers at their peak in 87.
BULL6|So it's a very, very strong wave of demographic support that's coming through the pipe.
NEUT7|That in itself I think.
NEUT8|Is kind of leading the charge put on top of that kovid, and I think that you have folks that were perhaps hanging on to city life a little bit long.
NEUT9|As long as they could sort of hitting the exit button at that point.
NEUT10|Saying look, maybe this is the time to get out.
BULL11|So I think the demand trends were very much in place and moving in the right direction.
BULL12|We had a bump from Covid where things sort of hit the brakes in late March and early April, and then now we're starting to accelerate again with Trump.
NEUT13|With that backdrop, you like Dr. Horton and masco.
NEUT14|Why those two in particular?
NEUT15|Sure, yeah, I think Dior Horton fits very well into this millenial.
NEUT16|First time buyer story, where they're really targeting the first time entry level buyer.
NEUT17|They're going into markets and building new product at or below the existing price of a resale home in that market.
NEUT18|That's very attractive to anybody, but very attractive to this millennial buyer that tends to like new over used there.
NEUT19|Also the largest home builder by volume that gives you a lot of leverage in terms of procurement of land, labor and materials and.
NEUT20|Finally, the company is transitioning to an asset light portfolio, which should really reduce risk and enhance returns, so that's the Dr. Horton story in terms of Masco companies in a very nice job pruning their portfolio over the past year or two, and now we're left with two very high margin high return businesses in Plumbing and what they call decorative architecture.
NEUT21|And that's really think of paint.
NEUT22|And if you think about these two businesses plumbing in decorative architecture, they're both very much break fix oriented.
NEUT23|So if your faucet breaks, you're going to replace it.
NEUT24|If your 4 year old draws on the wall with a Sharpie, you're going to paint over that.
NEUT25|They both have very good brand power.
NEUT26|They can Delta brand faucets and Behr paint and smaller ticket items that you won't break the bank.
NEUT27|Make one point on, make sure.
NEUT28|So is that yeah, is that they essentially target DIY, right?
NEUT29|So the product that they have to be done yourself so you don't need a contractor in the home where folks are still a little bit reluctant.
NEUT30|OK, so let me ask you a demographics question.
NEUT31|What happens to the retirement buyer if they are going to downsize given what's happened in the pandemic you have any bets on that, as the trend remained the same?
NEUT32|Or does it somehow shift because of how preferences might shift?
NEUT33|It's a very good question, John and I think that it's actually part of the chain that is often overlooked.
NEUT34|I spoke about Millennials to start off.
NEUT35|It's very important to talk about that sort of baby boomer and where they're going to go.
NEUT36|Our view is that you're going to see kind of downsizing into first time entry level homes actually competing with the millennial generation in many regards, but being closer to, you, know, grandchildren and things of that nature, so I think you'll see another tale to single family housing from older folks that are moving into into.
BULL37|"You're closer to family."""
