BEAR0|"""We had it all this year, a global pandemic, a bitter presidential election in one of the fastest market plunges in a century."
BEAR1|There was unbelievable uncertainty throughout most of the year.
BEAR2|But amid it all everyone on Wall Street from billionaire investors to hidebound Millennial Day traders in their pajamas got rich financial markets dropped like a stone early in the COVID-19 crisis, and then recovered nearly 50% in a span of months.
NEUT3|One of the fastest rebounds ever seen.
NEUT4|Millions of young quarantining day traders were behind the markets rise.
NEUT5|Often beating the professionals to buy the dip.
BULL6|Thanks to the government's accommodations, corporations gorged on cheap debt in 2020 to get past Covid.
NEUT7|Once markets recovered, initial public offerings began to hum like nothing seen sincethe.com bubble era then the inmates took over the asylum.
BEAR8|Armed with free trading apps, retail investors bought stocks and options like never before, leading to skyrocketing values in the most speculative parts of the market.
NEUT9|Tesla gained about half a trillion dollars in value as the Ducks began to quack.
NEUT10|Bankers and billionaires did everything they could to feed them.
NEUT11|A market for speculative IPOs called SPAC's took shape, so bankers could list electric vehicle companies, marijuana growers and on line gambling stocks, which Robin Hood traders would promptly bid to the stratosphere.
NEUT12|Some 250 SP.
NEUT13|AC's are likely to go public this year, raising over $80 billion in money.
BEAR14|Because of egregious fees and valuations written in crayon, the bubble will likely meant a dozen new billionaires at least temporarily, amid it all.
NEUT15|Smart money was put to work and big investors had enormous years.
NEUT16|Here are our choices for the best firms and investors of 2020, managed by Edinburgh based Baillie Gifford.
BULL17|This investment trust ticker SMTL is a tremendous bargain.
NEUT18|For a 0.36% fee you get a portfolio of stocks managed by the world's best stock picking firm and exposure to dozens of valuable private startups.
BULL19|Its investments in Tesla, Amazon, Tencent, and a few dozen high growth stocks have propelled it to a 400% gain over the past five years.
NEUT20|The Trust also holds nearly 20% of its assets in private companies, such as an financial SpaceX stripe Bytedance affirm Epic Games and Transferwise.
NEUT21|While this thundering herd of amateurs is easy to dismiss as they bid, speculative stocks to the moon, we believe they're putting some on Wall Street to shame.
NEUT22|Although they commit many investing sins, for instance, hyperactive and speculative trading, their collective instinct to by the covid dip in bet on innovation was right.
NEUT23|Once a vehicle used by scammers like the Wolf of Wall Street SP.
NEUT24|"AC's, have morphed into the new way to take some good, many mediocre, and some downright junkie companies public this year, SPAC is raised $80 billion from IPOs, changing how Wall Street works and making many bankers, billionaires, hedge funds and entrepreneurs rich or richer."""
