BULL0|"""Streaming media giant Netflix's latest earnings Help restore some confidence in key growth stocks."
BULL1|Netflix turn $0.64 per share in the first quarter from $0.40 in the same year ago, with revenues up 2.43% over the prior year to 3.7 billion.
BULL2|However, was the company's net subscriber additions that mainly made investors happy?
BULL3|Net ads amounted to 7.41 million massive upward surprise of about 1,000,000 shares of Netflix and risen more than 9% in the day Tuesday.
BULL4|Having soared to an intraday high of three, 3852, NASDAQ analyst observed Netflix, Goldman Sachs, United Health and Johnson and Johnson each topped consensus earnings expectations for the March quarter, issued reassuring guidance as well.
BULL5|While all four stocks were trading higher in premarket action, they noted Netflix is outsized responses, helped repair some of the damage is been done of late to the markets key growth stocks whose collective weight can make an influential difference in driving the broader market.
NEUT6|They know the positive response to the earnings.
BEAR7|News in general has been lifting the shadow of concerns been cast over the market.
BULL8|Since last Friday and the major indices rolled over despite some better than expected earnings news from the nation's biggest banks.
NEUT9|This included JP Morgan and Citigroup NASDAQ added.
BEAR10|While headline volatility will remain a risk, the markets responses will likely hinge on the key earnings news of the day.
BEAR11|That's relatively disappointing.
BEAR12|The broader market will be app to have more negative response to the macro headlines.
BULL13|Order of the key earnings news is probably good.
NEUT14|Be less of a knee jerk response.
BULL15|Meanwhile, Netflix's stock performance may also be illustrating how the communications industry.
BULL16|Is evolving in the firm's favor.
BULL17|Many strategists have pointed out that his Internet based video services, including Netflix, Amazon Prime, and Hulu, gained in popularity.
BEAR18|Traditional telecommunications companies, cable operators, and satellite TV providers seen their growth prospects threatened with most large telecoms currently offering similar suites of products and services, including fixed and wireless phone pay TV, high speed Internet and telephony, intense competition is Sparta continual fight forever.
BULL19|Larger slices of an already mature market.
NEUT20|Forced many to create new growth strategies.
BULL21|18 TS $85.4 billion purchase of Time Warner in late October 2016, for example, highlighted the magnitude of the sector's interest in media content.
NEUT22|However, despite the tremendous growth of Netflix, not all analysts share the same level of enthusiasm about the company.
BEAR23|Some strategists project the streaming media provider will not generate positive free cash flow for at least three years, and may have to raise additional debt financing to see more significantly lift its prices to meet the profits indicated by its share price.
NEUT24|Hear more about what our contributors are saying about the state of the market on the IB Traders insight YouTube channel.
NEUT25|"I'm Steven Levine for Interactive Brokers."""
