NEUT0|"""How do you correlate slowing economic growth disinflation with the desire to own stocks?"
NEUT1|How do you link those things together?
NEUT2|Tom, I can justify this if I stick with quality and growth because of course lower interest rates means a lower hurdle in terms of what you need from stocks.
BULL3|More certainty of recovery and central bank policy means from my perspective, the opportunity for a lower is premium, and if one would think back to the days that you and I would recall when stock valuations were really rich 42 times was not unusual for a company able to deliver the sorts of return on equity and cost of equity structures that we have.
BEAR4|However, if you reciprocal, I think we're in real trouble.
NEUT5|Do you do we?
NEUT6|I should say, do we underestimate how corporations and multinationals will adapt to a global slowdown and a disinflation?
BEAR7|I think that analysts this year are overly bullish.
BULL8|I'm expecting for the S&P 500 no more than five percentage points of earnings growth this year and 4% next year.
NEUT9|That's very roughly half what the street is projecting.
NEUT10|I don't understand how the street can have double digit when everybody knows that the world is slowing quickly and on top of that, I worry particularly about the months of April and May because you will know that those are the months when the Treasury and the Fed are going to be asking the markets for money for funding.
BEAR11|And that's going to be a really difficult time for market.
NEUT12|James the feds on hold.
NEUT13|I mean, the whole rhetoric changed on Wednesday, is that not good for risky assets?
NEUT14|Well, I'd say two things when one is that the Fed definitely is going to be handling its cash balances and would therefore in my on my numbers is definitely going to be calling for cash in April, May, notwithstanding the fact that they have clearly put interest rate policy on her.
NEUT15|The other issue is that they are clearly talking and not walking.
BEAR16|We have not seen any clear policy intent, and I think that markets will end up worrying that the Fed is doing too little.
NEUT17|And too late there is clear downside risk.
NEUT18|OK Tom, I wish I had time to go to the Super Bowl.
NEUT19|At least watch the Super Bowl.
NEUT20|Actually I'll be in Venice, moderating a session on banks and there will be the top guy from Lego and the top guy from the Five Star.
NEUT21|And so my question to you, James, if you look at all the risks around the world, where does monetary policy fit in?
NEUT22|So you have monetary policy, you have Brexit, you have Italy and you have China.
NEUT23|Monetary policy is critically important because governments don't at the moment have enough firepower to alive fiscal policy to become.
NEUT24|The next driver of support for markets and against that back cloth, the Federal Reserve and the People's Bank of China are center stage.
NEUT25|"The European Central Bank can do remarkably little, and I actually think that Europe is a passenger economy, meaning that it is actually not dependent on what the US does in China does rather than what is doing itself."""
