BULL0|"""Shares of Amazon popping more than 6% in the session today after a bullish call from Goldman Sachs analyst."
NEUT1|They're upping the shares of price target from 3000 to $3800.
NEUT2|Let's bring in Dan Hally to breakdown that report for us, so don't start with the central argument here, because there's already a lot of plenty of guests who come on our show who say Amazon Amazon's valuation is just run up way too high an yet Goldman coming out here saying it's going to take even higher.
NEUT3|Yeah, $3800.
NEUT4|A share compared to $3000 previously and basically this has to do with not only the increase in consumer spending on Amazon itself because of COVID-19 they see that kind of pulling forward the effects of e-commerce into the future.
NEUT5|So rather than people kind of waiting to sign up for Amazon or use Amazon on a regular, more regular basis there, seeing this covid impact kind of pushing that ahead and then also a WS still playing a catalyst now according to Goldman.
BULL6|They say to their MasterCard data points to 93% year over year e-commerce growth in May.
BULL7|They're also saying that they will continue to see benefits from Covid benefits being kind of awkward word there for Amazon going forward into the next few quarters now.
NEUT8|Amazon did say that they were going to spend a good chunk of money kind of providing these COVID-19 precautions to some of their workers in the factory, something that they had promised that they did take a hit there.
BEAR9|In the prior quarter and we did see stocks kind of react to that negatively, but going forward there should continue to be this upside to the e-commerce play and then a WS.
NEUT10|Obviously a lot of companies are still leaning into cloud computing thing at this point.
BULL11|"There was the thought that more economies would be opening rather than backsliding that we're seeing, so a lot more investment is going to be going into the work from home kind of branch of the industry, and that's going to help push a WS forward as well as competitors like Microsoft."""
