NEUT0|"""Sometimes it feels like I'm the only one worried about this IPO day lose, but today I saw a terrific piece of research titled The implications of IPO ago."
NEUT1|Go and I think they nailed it and this piece talked about how we're looking at a record number of deals, most of which will be underpriced for going to gigantic premiums.
NEUT2|And when that happens, it will overwhelm the rest of the market, especially the digital stocks could have said it better.
NEUT3|Myself made me feel like I'm not alone.
NEUT4|Then I looked at the date the piece was written.
NEUT5|It was November 30th, 1999.
NEUT6|21 years ago and it was by my friend Steve Galbraith a genius and he was at that point the equity strategist at Bernstein, the research firm, the massive NASDAQ Top was building and Galbraith spotted.
NEUT7|He was screaming for you to look out.
NEUT8|He followed that one up with two more pieces.
NEUT9|There was quote jailbreak, the coming flood of expiring IPO lockups on March 14th of 2000, right before the peak in and jailbreak were docs no parole for prayer.
NEUT10|Good behavior on April 3rd right out to be saying that even the good ones are going to be sacrificed now.
NEUT11|I was running money back then and Galbraith research was instrumental in getting me out of the market.
NEUT12|We talked every day right before the top.
NEUT13|Then I've got the time stamp, then convinced me to go short in April of 2000 because he was so worried about the jailbreak.
NEUT14|We had a great year that said, I don't think we're looking at a repeat ofthe.com era or what happened back then.
BEAR15|These companies that are trading there are much higher quality legitima great growth past but just like back then we have an IPO problem.
BEAR16|Right now there were too many underwritings followed by tons of secondary offerings where insiders sold stock at any price because they were desperate to cash out.
NEUT17|Of course there are some big differences this time around.
NEUT18|The companies coming public are excellent, it's just that their stocks are too expensive.
NEUT19|This time was less excess capital floating around the stock market.
BULL20|Which might cut the IPO cycle short a little earlier than you expect.
NEUT21|Finally, this time the Fed is your friend, which makes it easier to own stocks and that matters.
NEUT22|That's the so called no other alternative position.
BULL23|And who knows if we get a stimulus package but the action today was very reminiscent of the past, great and then boom and then bust IPO cycles, there was a movement internally under the averages to cheap single stocks like Dow Chemical, which raised earnings estimates or Caterpillar which may be on the cusp of turn around or 3M with the fundamentals are clearly improving.
BEAR24|They all did well, despite the decline in the average is an there were much less expensive than with stocks were talking bout look, I am certainly not trying to scare you.
BULL25|I expected a correction and that's exactly what we're getting here.
NEUT26|That's why we've been raising cash for my travel trust.
NEUT27|I've spent weeks telling you to do that.
BEAR28|I think it's time to start putting cash to work instead of tech, though I recommend picking up some historically cheap stocks that are being brought down by the entire averages.
NEUT29|SMP selling whatever it takes to get money into own stuff like the bottom line.
NEUT30|We aren't going to see repeated the.com crash, but when I see all these red hot IPOs like Snowflake or J Frog where am well?
NEUT31|I look, I get concern doesn't mean you should give up on the whole market.
BEAR32|There are plenty of areas that still work, but as long as these deals keep coming, the highflying tech stocks will indeed lose the luster they have gained in the last few years through no fault of their own.
NEUT33|Don't miss a second of mad money.
NEUT34|Follow at Jim Cramer on Twitter.
NEUT35|Have a question?
NEUT36|"Tweet Cramer hashtag mad tweets send Jim an email to mad money at cnbc.com or give us a call at one 807 four three CNBC Miss something Ed to madmoney.cnbc.com."""
