NEUT0|"""Got to spend some time with the Amazon teen yesterday to talk through this new much anticipated wearable product and it's similar to some of the things that you've already seen on the market."
NEUT1|It has heart rate sensors.
NEUT2|It does basic sleep tracking things like that that we've come to expect from our Fitbit.
NEUT3|And Apple Watch, but there's also some things that are kind of different than might freak some uses out there's an emotion tracking feature where it takes snippets of your voice throughout the day and kind of points out, you know towards the end of the day, hey, and keeping.
NEUT4|Anxious have you been has it and have you been elated in a good mood and tries to kind of walk you through various points in the day when you, when you've been up and down emotionally and there's also this, this crazy feature that takes a 3D body scan via an app and gives you a sense of your body fat percentage and that is something that typically is only done by pro athletes.
NEUT5|But Amazon says they want to bring that kind of feature to the mainstream for their first wearable product.
NEUT6|And putting my consumer hat on for a minute.
NEUT7|Is Amazon saying anything about how they're going to mingle this data with their other data or not?
NEUT8|Because my concern would be are they going to check my emotional states for when I'm open to shopping, or are they going to take my body scan and start recommending either a clothes or or diet shakes to me based on based on how it looks?
NEUT9|John, I had that exact same stare when they shared the news with me and you know I asked him.
NEUT10|Is this going to be used for any kind of targeted advertising?
NEUT11|If you find out that I'm in a good mood and you're going to try to sell me a product and they said absolutely not, this date is going to be deleted immediately.
NEUT12|It's not going to be stored in the cloud.
NEUT13|You can also opt out at any time.
NEUT14|I mean, it's an opt in product so you don't have to use it if you if you choose to buy the Halo device an app so they were very clear that you know this isn't going to be tide into.
NEUT15|Any of their e-commerce products?
NEUT16|They also said that there's no integration with the Amazon Alexa.
NEUT17|In case you have one of their home speakers.
NEUT18|So this is meant to be very very separate and they seem to have fought through privacy quite a bit.
NEUT19|Although you know who knows whether users will trust them because they certainly have their privacy and security pickups in the past.
NEUT20|Chrissy, you just hit on what I found to be one of the most interesting things about this announcement.
NEUT21|No integration with Alexa.
NEUT22|Also no integration with Prime.
NEUT23|I wonder is that to try and address those crossover or privacy concerns and you know, does Amazon miss out on selling this to their 100,000,000 plus prime households?
NEUT24|By separating it?
NEUT25|I thought that was such a curious decision.
NEUT26|Yeah, I thought so too, but privacy seemed to be very top of mind for them.
NEUT27|They didn't want to do really anything that could raise questions about how they intend to use this data, because as they get into the health and medical space which they've been doing in the past few years, this is really sensitive information.
NEUT28|And Can you imagine if you know Amazon was picking up on things that you said throughout the day and and trying to sell you something, it would be extremely creepy.
NEUT29|So I think that for a health care product they need to be.
NEUT30|Very, very careful about how they approach this, and it seems like they have been, but I I just don't know how consumers are going to react to this because not everybody trusts tech companies and kind of Amazon's up there on the list of companies that I think is abused.
NEUT31|"He's a data in the past."""
