NEUT0|"""What is alternative data such as restaurant, dining, airline traffic and commuter rail usage telling us about the current pace of the economic recovery?"
NEUT1|Right now?
BEAR2|Restaurant data suggests individuals remain cautious about going out to eat, and by extension, gathering in large groups indoors.
BEAR3|Commuter rail data is telling us the work from home culture could be heuristic for a significant portion of white collar workers.
BEAR4|The shift to more flexible work hours means that many support services, retail stores and restaurants in downtown business districts could face severe headwinds, even as the pandemic wings.
BULL5|Air traffic data indicates that business travel has not even started its comeback, and when it does, it may be sharply lower than pre pandemic loves white collar businesses are assessing their real estate needs and travel requirements and both of these items offer considerable cost savings, suggesting that the work from home and reduced business travel patterns could be here to stay.
BEAR6|Companies that depend on business travel, such airlines, hotels and restaurants could see a much slower recovery than the rest of the economy.
NEUT7|Now let's turn to more traditional data.
BEAR8|We're halfway through the third quarter of 2020 and the weekly new unemployment insurance claims data suggests the labor market recovery is slowing.
BEAR9|Some jobs are still coming back, but others are being loss, which shows slows.
BULL10|The net games Q3 2020 real GDP appears likely to show a nice but a one time only bounce.
BEAR11|We know from our alternative data that July activity, while no better than June, were significantly above.
NEUT12|April the bottom of this deep recession.
BEAR13|The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta's GDP now website has its estimate of real GDP showing the third quarter of GDP might be 5% above the second quarter or about 6% below the fourth quarter 2019 peak.
NEUT14|Well, by the way, those are actual data levels, not annualized data.
BEAR15|The bottom line is that many of the changes in the patterns of consumer and business activities could lead to an uneven and drawn out economic recovery.
NEUT16|"I'm Blue Putnam chief economist, CME Group."""
