NEUT0|"""Making money from higher bonds used to be all about looking at the riskiest companies in corporate America and backing the right horse is that the market has changed substantially, resulting in a very different risk profile to help us navigate the new landscape."
NEUT1|I'm joined by Fraser Lundie Co. Head of credit at Hermes Investment Management.
BULL2|Welcome, Fraser, thank you, good morning.
NEUT3|If we turn to the first chart.
NEUT4|A lot of people, when they think of how your bonds they think about Michael Milken and the US LBO boom.
NEUT5|But we can actually see it's a very different market today.
NEUT6|It absolutely is.
NEUT7|An essentially, is something that used to be a small cap dominated market, which is no large cap, and it's been driven by consolidation and MA and globalization.
NEUT8|And, you know, have large corporates issuing in multi currencies where it's not just about as you say, elbows.
NEUT9|In America it's about large companies.
NEUT10|Right across the spectrum in terms of sectors, geographies and ratings, quality and I guess with that shift or more global world.
NEUT11|It's not just about stopped picking anymore.
NEUT12|You need a good handle on sovereign risk.
NEUT13|Yeah, and there's pros and cons to that.
NEUT14|Obviously.
NEUT15|I mean the reason why Ma has taken shape from a globally diversified ways, because ultimately that diversification is a good thing.
NEUT16|But it does need to be priced when we're thinking about sovereign risk and for that point it's important to remember the service doesn't start and stop at the line between MDM because there is no line anymore.
NEUT17|You have countries like Chile or Poland trading at half the level of something like Italy in terms of sovereign risk, and that needs to be understood.
NEUT18|The other thing is that companies themselves having operations all over the world, means that the sovereign risk of the headquarters actually in a lot of cases not really telling you the story and again for good or bad, and that needs to be involving good bottom at work and pricing of that sovereign, political and FX related risk appropriately and in terms of valuations, we hear a lot about stretched valuations, but it's interesting.
NEUT19|To look at how that actually works from a risk and reward perspective, if we turn to our next chart.
NEUT20|If you could explain in simple terms what this is showing us, yeah, I mean, I think again just thinking back to wear high heels sits on the risk spectrum.
NEUT21|It's basically slap bang in the middle between equities on one side, risk free government bonds in the other, but within high yield.
NEUT22|Obviously there's a very big difference between an income focus double B credit, Anna very speculative Triple C credit sitting right next door to equity and with the latter.
NEUT23|Income is not enough.
BULL24|You need income and capital appreciation potential.
NEUT25|So this graph basically explains in broad terms how much capital appreciation potential there is in the market.
BEAR26|Right high number is bad essentially, so the difference between the yield to maturity in the user worse being being large would essentially dictate a poor convexity profile to the market, which means that the market cannot exhibit very much in the way of capital appreciation.
NEUT27|You see, this is particularly true right now when you look at the European and Sterling denominated higher markets.
NEUT28|Because they've been so driven by dragging and by the search for yields and by the shortening duration there of.
NEUT29|But nevertheless, if you think about the context of this, the warning signs are there to some degree as to what happened in taper tantrum perhaps.
NEUT30|And it is something to be very aware of when you're thinking about investing in a Triple C rated company.
NEUT31|It might be a great company, but if you can't have access to capital appreciation, it probably isn't the right value.
NEUT32|So you need upside.
NEUT33|If you're taking on downside, essentially, yes, so you'll notice that for double bees, an investment grade for that matter, is less important, because default risk is much less of a driver in that part of the market.
NEUT34|But if you're buying something which is almost equity, you need it to go up.
BULL35|Thank you so much for joining us.
BULL36|"Thank you for it."""
