NEUT0|"""Kathy, in August of 2018 you tweeted a letter to Elon Musk in which you effectively effectively put a price target on Tesla $4000, and that call arguably made you famous."
BEAR1|But it also exposed you to a world of hate on Twitter.
NEUT2|Any regrets?
NEUT3|Oh no, not at all.
NEUT4|I didn't read the the Twitter world of hate notes to me.
NEUT5|Marketing Department used to send me anything that I needed to respond to, but no, we were.
BULL6|We were standing up for what we thought was right and.
NEUT7|And we also were astonished that at the backlash Ann and I think part of it was Elon's personality and and the way and the things he was saying on Twitter.
NEUT8|He was, he's a provocative soul, you know, and you know, IIII, he's brilliant.
NEUT9|He's our rent, Renaissance man and all we did, which is what we should have done in terms of our research, is keep our eye on the prize, and the prize had to do.
NEUT10|With the autonomous Taxi network that we believe Tesla will be in the pole position to dominate mostly because of its advantages in artificial intelligence and the amount of data it has collected on the expertise that it has, and we couldn't believe that no one wanted to listen to this, that they really just made fun of it and it made me feel even more strongly about Tesla.
NEUT11|Because what we saw happen overtime as the naysayers were growing, was there barriers to entry, or Tesla's barriers to entry were increasing?
NEUT12|Their battery technology was already three years.
NEUT13|Now it's maybe four years ahead of the competition, especially now that they're going to build the battery into the structure of the car.
NEUT14|They had the first AI chip know whether auto manufacturer has an artificial intelligence chip for autonomous there the they now have 15 billion miles of real world driving collected.
NEUT15|Google, the next closest, has about 25 million, 25 million, fifteen billion.
NEUT16|The winner in Autonomous is going to have the most data and the highest quality data that company right now is Tesla.
NEUT17|So way back then.
BEAR18|Our confidence was high that they were heading in the right direction and as the naysayers grew, it was after 2018 through into 219 as the stock was cratering as many out there were saying it was going to, Tesla was going to run out of money.
NEUT19|We thought that was a ridiculous concept.
BEAR20|The only time a company like Tesla will run out of money is if the market shut down.
BEAR21|There were companies that ran out of money in 0809 because the markets were closed.
NEUT22|The markets were open.
BULL23|We were going to support Tesla if they did an offering, so were many others.
NEUT24|So I mean they were creating stories that were just ridiculous on the face of them.
NEUT25|"So you know, I no, no regrets whatsoever."""
