NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR3|Well, another rough day here for Apple updates.
NEUT4|Certainly need to be made as we head into next week and I totally forgot to say from disclosure standpoint.
NEUT5|I do own Apple in my retirement accounts from the long side, so just keep that in mind as they go through the analysis here.
NEUT6|Well, first update is going to be a little house cleaning.
NEUT7|Just going to get rid of that line up there.
NEUT8|Yes, that level pertains just not relevant right now.
NEUT9|And from a presentation standpoint you know that is, you know, I just don't want to risk causing clutter and confusion all over the place.
NEUT10|But the first big update that needs to be made and actually played out perfectly so you could throw this right into a textbook if you wanted to.
NEUT11|But for those of you that watched a video from previously talked about that green line there at one 12:50.
NEUT12|As an area of support, and there's a rule in charge in which states 1 levels of support are broken and closed below, they tend to act as resistance and the price.
BEAR13|You can see this morning ultimately did fall down blow up.
NEUT14|So after the price fell blow it.
NEUT15|You can see that price immediately try to work its way back up there, but you can see right there a couple instances got rejected and then once again late day final 30 minutes made a push but once again got rejected right up there at one 12:50 so by no means am I saying 112 fifty can never be broken.
BEAR16|I'm just saying it makes sense why the price is struggling around that area.
NEUT17|And if there is going to be any sort of bigger bounce, let alone some sort of reversal next week, then that first big test is going to be, you know, can the price actually get up above and stay above one 12:50 in the event it can, then the next key level of resistance you'd want to watch closely is that purple line right there, the 50.
NEUT18|Moving average.
NEUT19|But as of now one hurdle time, let's just first see if the price can actually get back above and stay above 112 fifty as far as levels of support or concern.
NEUT20|In the near term, nothing fancy, nothing complicated here, just a matter of where the bleeding finally stopped and that was right there at the 110 mark.
NEUT21|In fact, on three separate occasions, both there and then a couple more times.
NEUT22|Price try to push down through.
BEAR23|There could not quite do it, so 110 you're going to be one of those levels that a whole lot of people are going to be watching, and in the event that 110 Mark does not quite hold up, and as you're seeing here, that's putting the price down at levels that haven't been seen for quite awhile.
NEUT24|So after 1:10 next key level of support to keep a close eye and would be down there right around the, let's see the 109 mark, but.
BEAR25|We'll see what happens with the next week, but overall, a rough week for it.
NEUT26|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT27|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT28|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL29|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT30|The first key is super weird.
NEUT31|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT32|But in a cruel way.
BEAR33|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT36|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT37|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT38|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT39|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT40|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT41|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT42|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
