NEUT0|"""See what stock, what company is the most at risk?"
NEUT1|It's Facebook and I think the set up segment you just did really outlines that either party that's in power, whether it's Democrats or the Republicans.
NEUT2|After November, I think, are going to head on after Facebook.
NEUT3|And if you think about some of the challenges that Facebook faces from the left, around the anti competitive side.
BEAR4|In this case some of the acquisitions that they've done rather well to Instagram or WhatsApp that will likely create some more pressure on Facebook.
NEUT5|Some more scrutiny on future acquisitions.
NEUT6|And keep in mind in a social platform that is critical for them to be able to acquire some of the big startups and so that being a greater lens of greater scrutiny, I think is going to put some pressure on Facebook.
NEUT7|On the flip side, if Republicans really control the agenda for greater tech legislation, you have what President Trump tweeted about today and section 260 an impact as publishers viewing some of these social platforms as publishers.
NEUT8|So in either case.
NEUT9|I think that in that case, if let's say if we take the publisher perspective, Facebook will be in a catch.
NEUT10|22 affectively this backs this question by arbitrator of Truth and ultimately what they can publish and what they stand for.
NEUT11|And so they've wanted to stay away from that clearly.
BEAR12|But either option, either Rd is not a good Rd for Facebook, and so I think some of the stock is reflected that it's down 5% in the last month or some of the other tech Giants are down fractionally, but I think Facebook is at most risk.
NEUT13|So so gene?
NEUT14|I mean, Facebook has been facing all kinds of regulatory and congressional scrutiny for the longest time.
NEUT15|As far as I can remember now.
NEUT16|Is there anything different this time around?
NEUT17|Is there a real risk every time there's talk of this?
NEUT18|It seems like it just goes on the back burner 6-9 months from now.
NEUT19|That's a good point is it's going to take years for this to sort itself out when we think about what happened with Microsoft.
NEUT20|That was a six year path that it took, and so you're right, is that ultimately that this takes time to sort out, but at some point there is enough pressure where there actually is changes that are made to the platform.
BULL21|I am surprised at how well Facebook has weathered the storms to date.
NEUT22|If we think back to Cambridge Analytics about some of the changes in the privacy and disclosures that they've had to do in Europe and bring some of those to the US, they've done a great job of navigating that.
NEUT23|But at some point, I think one of these two avenues probably precedes again, whether it makes it slightly more difficult for them to acquire that next big tick, tock that next big, fast growing social network, or create some pressure the simple way I would put it is that there is more substance behind this.
NEUT24|We haven't had a piece of a one year investigation, and so it is different than some of these other challenges that Facebook has faced.
NEUT25|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT26|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
