NEUT0|"""Welcome back to another episode of Bubble Trading."
NEUT1|So today I'm gonna be doing some technical analysis for the cryptocurrency cosmos.
NEUT2|So the takers?
NEUT3|Ato M I'm going to look at it compared to the coin base price.
NEUT4|And as a disclaimer I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT5|This video is not financial advice, nothing I talk about this advice for going to invest.
NEUT6|Go speak to a certified financial advisor.
NEUT7|Full disclosure, I do have a position in this cryptocurrency and I'll talk a little bit more about that, but let's just kick it right off, right?
NEUT8|So if you guys have been following me for a little while now and you've been watching this channel.
NEUT9|You'll kind of start to see some of the chart patterns that I really like, and you can kind of see that this is starting to form a pattern that I'm extremely bullish on.
NEUT10|So if you look all the way back in early January, this kind of big move up went a little bit sideways, and when it broke out of this kind of big level to watch around that $10 range, that was what kind of sparked a big run.
NEUT11|So we've had now a big run up a pullback, but we didn't pull that far back right?
NEUT12|Like this kind of went right to that support level around the 1550 when the market was really weak.
NEUT13|It kind of went down a few times, but for the most part we're trading kind of sideways here and I'll show you a little bit of what I'm talking about.
NEUT14|So it kind of been starting to form this channel between like the 1770 Mark and a little bit closer to like that 2150 Mark.
NEUT15|So as you can see, this one started to break out, pulled back, starting to retest this breakout level, but now a couple of things that I'm starting to look for.
NEUT16|It is, I want to see this one continue to hold this 2150 range if it wakes below a little bit, but closes above on the daily chart, that's fine with me.
NEUT17|I personally started buying, you know, in the high 70s low 80s when I started to notice this channel forming, I've been scaling scaling in and buying more as price goes up.
NEUT18|So for me personally, my personal plan is to see.
BEAR19|On the daily chart at this, 2150 is going to hold if it starts to break down and we could just re enter this channel and have some more sideways chop.
BULL20|But seeing that we are above this resistance level starting to form a new base up here, I'd like to see a little bit more volume come in and the price start to push back up, potentially to all time highs.
NEUT21|Honestly, like I think one of the big levels to break at this point would just be a close over like this 25 2020 530 range and then ultimately push to new all time highs.
NEUT22|So we do have some videos on this.
NEUT23|In our crypto DD section if you want to take a look at like a little bit more of the fundamentals and just a really quick glance.
NEUT24|But with this one having like a 4 billion four point, something billion dollar market cap, obviously it's a little bit harder for it to move up as fast as some of the small cap coins, but when you look at coins, that's very similar to like Dot and not market cap.
NEUT25|And then you start to see you know this chart pattern starting to form.
NEUT26|This is something that I'm only bringing up 'cause I think it's important to keep on watch and it's you know there really.
NEUT27|The only reason I've been taking the position of this once 'cause I do see some value in the chart.
NEUT28|So I'm going to watch for it to either pace out some volume, come in, start to push for all time highs, potentially breakthrough and run up to 3030.
NEUT29|Plus that's kind of what I'm looking for.
NEUT30|As long as Bitcoin and the crypto market stay hot.
BULL31|This chart pattern is starting to look very healthy and it's starting to look like something that could potentially break out.
NEUT32|Just my opinion.
NEUT33|I'm not really going to dive into shorter timeframes, 'cause for the most part this one does have some pretty crazy weeks, so it's all going to be about where this closes on the daily charts for me.
NEUT34|Yeah, so I don't want to, you know, include too much unnecessary information, so that's what I'm seeing this video provide any value to you.
NEUT35|Go ahead and like comment, subscribe and share.
NEUT36|And if you want to see me, chart anything else, go ahead and leave a comment down below.
BULL37|"Alright, thank you for watching everyone."""
