NEUT0|"""Now, Speaking of doses, the New York Times today reported that Moderna can fit 40% more of their vaccine into each vial."
NEUT1|How will this affect shot distribution?
NEUT2|Yes, so this could be huge, depending on how American health agencies respond, the FDA still looking into this and confirming that it is OK to put this extra amount of vaccine into each file.
NEUT3|But basically what this means is that you know Madonna would still have to work on increasing their vaccine.
NEUT4|Distribution, right?
NEUT5|It's still kind of the same pool of liquid that they're pulling from, so they still have to create more of the actual vaccine.
NEUT6|But what this news tells us is that each vial of the Moderna vaccine can fit more liquid in it, and that's huge for the distribution issues that we've been talking about.
NEUT7|I mean, every state gets.
NEUT8|Let's say you know a box of 10 vials of the Moderna vaccine.
BULL9|Those ten vials will now carry a lot more liquid in them to vaccinate people, so that will help with things like production issues.
BEAR10|A lot of places that have been manufacturers that have been making these vaccines have had trouble getting enough of the product needed to create these vials, so this news could be big for speeding up shot distribution across the US medicine.
NEUT11|Do we know anything about whether or not putting more vaccine doses in a vial will compromise the quality or efficacy of the shot?
NEUT12|It's a great question renita, and that's why America's biggest health agency is still going to look into this.
BULL13|But today they did signal to Moderna that they would be able to.
NEUT14|Go ahead and start making moves to increase the amount of doses within each of these vials, and it is important to point out that you know the vaccine stays the same regardless of kind of the mechanism of delivery.
NEUT15|So getting more of that vaccine into each vial isn't going to adversely affect the vaccine itself or impact its efficacy at all.
NEUT16|OK, good to know that, and so I also heard that the Biden administration they're getting grocery stores and other pharmacies.
NEUT17|Involved with vaccine distribution.
NEUT18|How's this working out?
NEUT19|Yeah, so this just started today and it's huge because right now we're hearing that every state is getting a certain number of vaccines from the federal government.
NEUT20|This grocery store and pharmacy program is just additional shots on top of that already existing state distribution program.
NEUT21|So this is just like extra vaccines for everyone.
NEUT22|And it's also huge for building up trust, right?
NEUT23|We all are kind of used to maybe getting our flu shots from a CVS, for example.
NEUT24|Now you're going to be able to walk into CVS and see a sign for getting your covid vaccine, so it's just going to feel a little bit safer for people and also just be getting reached with the shots where they are in their local grocery store.
BULL25|You're absolutely right.
BULL26|Thank you so much for the information.
NEUT27|Quick takes Madison Mills.
NEUT28|The biggest story is the moment they happen from around the globe.
NEUT29|Subscribe to Bloomberg.
NEUT30|"Quicktake now for insight in an instant."""
