NEUT0|"""Separately Facebook, I want to get dominating the headlines of the week end seal."
BEAR1|Mark Zuckerberg has now reportedly adopted a more aggressive approach after the company came under fire in the wake of the Cambridge analytical scandal Wall Street Journal reporting that new management that he is a new management style is driven away.
BEAR2|Several executives admitted drop an employee morale last week.
BEAR3|Of course, the New York Times and detailed many of those missteps and inaction by Facebook's management following a series of scandals during the Q&A session with employees on Friday, Zuckerberg called that report quote BS, the time says.
BEAR4|At the meeting, Zuckerberg also warned employees who speak to the media that they will be fired.
NEUT5|He then seemed to backtrack a bit on that as well.
BEAR6|At that same meeting, Sheryl Sandberg hasn't been spared from Zuckerberg's criticism Wall Street Journal reports.
BEAR7|Earlier this year, he blamed her for the public fallout over Cambridge Analytica, saying she should have been more on top of cracking down on objectionable content.
BEAR8|Sandberg reportedly told friends she was rattled by that, and she questioned whether she should be worried about her job.
BULL9|Then last week, Zuckerberg told reporters Sandberg continues to be a quote very important partner to me.
NEUT10|Meanwhile, there were then those reports.
NEUT11|From Alex Stamos, we're talking about the Chief Security Officer, former Chief Security Officer in the Washington Post, confirming many of the details that he said were BS.
NEUT12|Yet at the same time.
NEUT13|Affectively, being defensive about the company and its role in all of this as well, and at least what their efforts were about, I think that he was their efforts and intentions, what their intentions were.
NEUT14|I think the intentions, peace is important, right?
NEUT15|And I think that's where there is still room to kind of maneuver.
NEUT16|Who knew what when?
NEUT17|"Who should have known what, when and what were their intentions with it?"""
