NEUT0|"""Next week, investors will be watching to see whether the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates or leave them unchanged an what they will say about it."
NEUT1|A growing number of firms on Wall Street are predicting only one rate hike this year.
NEUT2|Some even saying none.
NEUT3|JP Morgan, the latest firm to join in out with a new note saying the next rate hike may not come until late 2020, joining us now to discuss is Michael Feroli, JP Morgan, chief US Economist.
BULL4|So Michael, you guys are finally catching up to the market with zero rate hikes.
NEUT5|Why did you change your mind?
BEAR6|So we have been of the opinion for a few months now that the Fed is wanting to see more inflation, perhaps even an inflation overshoot.
BULL7|We've been gaining more confidence about that in recent weeks.
NEUT8|Given some of the speeches we've been hearing from the Fed so.
BULL9|We think their reaction function, for lack of a better phrase, is shifting in a direction whereby they really want to see inflation a little bit firmer than what we have been experiencing over the past few quarters.
NEUT10|Michael to Sarah's point, where do you think the market is already?
NEUT11|If next week after the Fed meeting, the Dot plot suggests zero hikes this year, will the market be surprised by that, or is it already expecting that?
NEUT12|So I think right now there's expectations are split between zero or one rate hike in terms of the dots for next week for 2019.
BEAR13|If there is one hike penciled in, that may be a bit of a disappointment, because it may show that the Fed is not quite catching up to where the market is now.
NEUT14|The market which keep in mind still has a cut priced in for next year.
NEUT15|I don't think that's in my opinion, the most likely scenario.
BULL16|I think if the Fed remains accommodative here, you know growth should continue to be above trend, in that eventually will get us to another hike.
NEUT17|It's going to take awhile, I think, before we see that growth translate into higher consumer price inflation.
BULL18|Actually, odds are rising that it's coming this year, Mike.
BULL19|I mean we got a 25% chance of a Fed rate cut by December.
NEUT20|What's that about?
NEUT21|That's right.
BEAR22|I think the market probably is not sharing is maybe a little bit more downbeat on growth prospects.
NEUT23|Or maybe they heard something from the Fed that I don't think the Fed was trying to say.
BEAR24|Now obviously there has been a big shift in Fed rhetoric since the beginning of the year and I think that rhetoric is more toward a pause rather than a cut.
NEUT25|I don't think they sound particularly worried about growth, and I suspect the statement we get after next week.
BULL26|Reading will continue to sound relatively upbeat about the economy and I think their forecasts will continue to show above trend growth and declining unemployment rates.
NEUT27|"So the market, I guess just has a different view on risk right now."""
