BEAR0|"""We will talk about a huge reaction to a deal that where we didn't even get terms."
NEUT1|I mean, this is probably less than a billion dollar deal.
NEUT2|At least that was what our colleagues on cnbc.com had reported back in April.
BEAR3|Christina Farr and Lauren Hirsch when they reported that Walmart was looking at this, I'm not getting the amount that that Amazon is going to be paying for pill pack, but the effect that you're seeing here down 8% for some of these huge pharmacy chains is just remarkable.
BEAR4|And it really shows the nervousness that still exists in this space around Amazon coming in that had abated a little bit after our same colleagues.
NEUT5|Christina Farr had reported that it looked like Amazon was potentially backing away from this space had decided not to at least probably to build it internally, and maybe this way it's buying its way in as David was alluding to before, there was a major question about the licenses that Amazon would need in order to operate in this space.
NEUT6|The pharmaceutical space or the pharmaceutical distribution space?
NEUT7|While there was some initial confusion about what those licenses were that Amazon had, it did become clear that they were not to operate in the space it was for their existing.
NEUT8|Sort of medical businesses.
NEUT9|So there's a question here.
NEUT10|Is this just the beginning?
NEUT11|And clearly that's what the market is worried about.
NEUT12|For all of these sectors, from pharmacies to drug distributors who are also seeing an impact today to pharmacy benefits managers, and you ask anybody in this space about Amazon, they all say they want to partner with them.
NEUT13|They all try to downplay the impact that Amazon could have in this space, but clearly it's the pharmacies, CVS, Walgreens, the retail pharmacies that really feel it the hardest guys.
NEUT14|Yeah, Megan's David.
NEUT15|I mean again, to this point.
NEUT16|Apparently, Pillpack does hold these pharmacy licenses in in all 50 states, so I guess conceivably if that is correct, then this is a way for Amazon to sort of deal with that licensing issue.
NEUT17|At one time through acquisition, absolutely, that was always sort of the question.
NEUT18|Why not just buy pharmacies that already have these licenses, and then they would be set up and ready to go?
NEUT19|This seems like a relatively inexpensive way of doing that, and from there they could potentially scale.
BEAR20|You know we're all digging on this and trying to get more information, but but clearly that's spooking people.
NEUT21|Hey there, thanks for checking out CNBC on YouTube.
NEUT22|Be sure to subscribe to stay up to date on all of the day's biggest stories.
NEUT23|You can also click on any of the videos around me to watch the latest from CNBC.
BULL24|"Thanks for watching."""
