NEUT0|"""Explain this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, overall everything is perfectly fine and I emphasize overall because there is a little bit of trickiness to talk about from a presentation standpoint where I said because it does depend on your strategy, your perspective going in.
NEUT5|What do I mean by that?
BEAR6|Well, if you're a day trader and you bought right there, or maybe you bought right there and your plan was to buy himself, you know in 15 minutes, well from that perspective, the charts not looking so good for you, 'cause I mean, it's pulled back quite a bit.
NEUT7|However, if you care about more so the bigger picture point of view, yeah, I get it.
NEUT8|Today wasn't very exciting.
BEAR9|The prices essentially chopped around in one sideways here.
NEUT10|Well, let's think about what had happened previously.
NEUT11|What happened previously was this.
BEAR12|You know the stock not that long ago was down around 1:24 and is now all the way up here.
NEUT13|In this next comment will make a little bit more sense to those of you that have traded for a while, but I'm sure that for those of you that have you've seen price movements make very, very impressive moves and then relatively afterwards, something like this happens and the price just goes right back to where it was, so that that hasn't happened here.
NEUT14|I mean, it's at least gone sideways, sure, so sure by no means exciting, but from a health perspective.
BULL15|Yeah, great to see that this thing is continuing to hold above.
BULL16|I know these gains that it's made and the circle back to level that I've talked about in previous videos.
NEUT17|That's where this green line here at the 1:30.
NEUT18|25 Smart continues to have important because as long as the price does stay above that level, then that implies that, from the overarching standpoint, the price is still building the higher base, and that's what it's all about.
NEUT19|You want to see the price.
NEUT20|Build those higher lows from a trend building perspective, and that's what's in play here at the 1:30 you know 25 ish mark.
NEUT21|As far as areas of resistance, nothing here has changed.
NEUT22|Still have that level right there at 1:33 and then the next key level up there at one 3425.
BULL23|So watch those areas moving forward, but All in all, yeah, not the most exciting day, but it's still a healthy day from a trend building perspective.
NEUT24|So let's see how this one continues to play out moving forward.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT27|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL28|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird.
NEUT30|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT31|But in a cruel way.
BEAR32|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT35|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT36|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT37|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT38|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT41|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
