NEUT0|"""So why go public now and why go public via spec?"
NEUT1|Yeah, look.
BULL2|I mean, we're super excited to to bring to the market at a really high quality space asset.
NEUT3|And you know, Rocket Lab has a long history of execution.
NEUT4|With over 97 satellites delivered and all, but even some of our own spacecraft in orbit, and you know, we we were on a slow but methodical path to an IPO.
BULL5|But we we chose a spec path to really accelerate at our vision and our goals here and now we have.
BULL6|We have obviously a very stable.
NEUT7|In which business, with strong revenues, but we're looking to really take it to the next level.
BULL8|And you know, having access to public capital enables us to embark on the, you know, the next program, which is a very large launch vehicle and also gives us a public currency to do some of the M&A that that that that we really want to do.
BULL9|And we've had some early success work position already and we're looking forward to doing that in in much greater vigor to really build out a pureplay into in space company.
NEUT10|Alright, I want to dig into both of those points a little bit more, the first being that medium lift rocket that you're going to develop now neutron, which will be capable of delivering mega constellations to orbit in terms of satellites, but also could have the possibility for human spaceflight.
NEUT11|What is that going to look like for Rocket Lab?
BULL12|Yeah, look, I mean one of the advantages of launching so many customers on the electron is is we built a very strong market understanding of where the market is going.
NEUT13|An 80 / 80% of all of the satellites are going to be launched here in the next couple of decades.
NEUT14|Mega constellations.
NEUT15|And there's a really strong market need for a vehicle to address that in an alternative in the marketplace for a vehicle to address that and also also if you look historically the majority of lift kind of sits around that 4.5 to 8 tons throughout all.
NEUT16|All are or spaceflight and and of course, if you're going to build a vehicle of the scale, then you would be remiss and ensuring that it was it was not also a vehicle that was capable of human spaceflight.
NEUT17|So what is human spaceflight potentially look like for Rocket Lab?
NEUT18|Are you talking about the possibility of getting into the commercial Crew program delivering astronauts to the space station?
NEUT19|Tourism, something else?
NEUT20|Yeah, look a strong focus right now is is to deliver on the major constellations.
BULL21|You know, this is the largest opportunity within the space industry and I think rocket leaves has been, you know, it's been good at kind of picking the market niche and this is one that we think is really worth going after.
NEUT22|But as I said, if you're going to go to all the trouble of building a very large vehicle like this in.
NEUT23|Need to make sure it can carry humans as well.
NEUT24|Peter Morgan mentioned your proform enterprise value of four point 1 billion that represents 5.4 times your estimated 2025 revenues of $749 million.
NEUT25|What gives you the confidence you can get to that number?
NEUT26|What assumptions are behind it?
NEUT27|Yeah, absolutely, and I think you know the Rocket League is a company that it has historical revenues, which is, you know, I think if you look at a number of the you know the specs out there, they don't necessarily have historical revenues and our revenues are built up from a bottoms up and correlated from a top down basis.
NEUT28|So these are numbers that we have certainly in the early years very high confidence and because you know these are customers we know and customers that we have we have delivered.
NEUT29|So I mean ultimately, the market will judge us on our execution, but if you look at it at a track record, you know it's pretty strong on that front.
NEUT30|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT31|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
