NEUT0|"""Watching this video on Facebook stock and in front of us, there is one hour candacy showing the price movement."
NEUT1|There is not a lot to say about Facebook.
BULL2|Facebook has been performing very well since the since, you know, let's say March, middle of March and then it was in a bullish market where the prices is been moving sideways for a while showing the kind of pools of this trend.
NEUT3|This bullish trend, but it means that there is.
BEAR4|It means that there was worldwide kind of uncertainity around the worldwide economy.
NEUT5|So but then what happened happened at this?
BULL6|The target this this resistance level of almost 150 U.S. dollar most broken giving showing a signal of strength of this market and generally after a pause of the market eat.
NEUT7|Zoom is its previous trends, so generally resumes the prices will resume it previous trend after a, let's say, is to oppose of the market.
BULL8|So because before the market was bullish, that is that it will keep going up bullish situation.
NEUT9|So the target price of 270 U.S. dollar was easily achieved and was easily to be determined or found because it's just a projection of this channel depth.
NEUT10|From the breakout point.
NEUT11|Actually this is very conservative because you can even project all this depth that might.
NEUT12|You know we might.
NEUT13|We might get almost Wonder 8 U.S. dollar, but to be on the conservative side, in conclusion, that is to go longer by just waiting for the price might go down a little bit more before going longer.
BEAR14|Bad ideas to go along with next target price of 280 U.S. dollar.
NEUT15|And remember, those analysis are mainly based on technical analysis tools consideration, sorry and assumptions or based on taking analysis and this is how the one hour candle stick for Facebook.
NEUT16|Looks like and this is my technical analysis interpretation.
NEUT17|Bullish Market said with market and perhaps a staff of a new bullish market.
NEUT18|That's all for myself.
NEUT19|"Thanks bye."""
