BEAR0|"""I want to ask you how the crash in crypto has affected just general demand for your services when it comes to blockchain consulting, because there was all this excitement right at the end of last year beginning of this year."
NEUT1|And there's a I would think I've been in effect from what we've seen from the prices.
NEUT2|Yeah, absolutely.
NEUT3|It's really interesting.
NEUT4|So we sort of divide the world into what is distributed Ledger technology and enterprise application of blockchain technology.
NEUT5|And then what is happening in the cryptocurrency markets.
NEUT6|And so they are a little bit distinct.
BULL7|Of course we saw a run up in excitement around crypto at the end of last year with the listing of the futures and so on and so forth.
BULL8|We're still seeing tremendous excitement, both from issuers of potential token assets that could appear on these networks.
BEAR9|We're still seeing a lot of demand people trying to figure out.
NEUT10|OK. What is the method through which I could bring digital assets to the market?
NEUT11|How would I list them?
NEUT12|Where would I list them?
NEUT13|What is the appropriate market infrastructure for me to connect to so we're still seeing that despite the crash and we're seeing that actually, this phenomena of what is the interest in digital assets and the token economy more broadly?
NEUT14|Is quite distinct from what is the price of Bitcoin right now?
NEUT15|Because some of these assets are not cryptocurrencies.
NEUT16|Of course right there, access rights to networks or security tokens and so on, and so that's still really an exciting area for us.
NEUT17|The demand, though, for blockchain advisory services to your question, is still really, really, really strong, and to the extent that it started in financial services because the idea was that you know, again, we could take cost out.
BEAR18|There was a potential disruption effect on that sector.
NEUT19|It's actually every sector that we deal with that's interested in this technology.
NEUT20|84% of respondents to your surveys.
NEUT21|So there is one of the greatest clips.
NEUT22|I'm happy to share with you guys because it's really important to understand this.
BEAR23|That basically there is a lot of disruption potential and it's just not in the banking financial service industry, but it's in a lot of different sectors.
NEUT24|And like I said, the reason why we had this crashes because a lot of this technology is going to take several years to develop and implement.
NEUT25|So if you are going to be investing in crypto, it's definitely not get rich quick scheme.
NEUT26|It's along by.
NEUT27|Old and for the most part I highly recommend to educate yourself and to understand you know what each coin, an which each technology has to offer.
BULL28|Because obviously if you better understand what you're investing in, it will help you kind of learn from your mistakes at least an also with your knowledge that you gain overtime as you educate yourself, you'll be able to make better investments in the crypto space as more and more capital floods into this market to take advantage of the ability to disrupt this market.
NEUT29|"But let me know your thoughts on this and I will talk to you soon."""
