BULL0|"""Hey guys and welcome to the channel."
NEUT1|In this video we talk about Senseonics Holdings ticker symbol Sens.
NEUT2|I'm doing an update on the stock and covering the recent price action as well as going over an update on when I think we could see FDA approval for 180 day glucose monitoring system.
NEUT3|So stick around.
NEUT4|But before I get into the video, make sure to subscribe button to keep up the daily videos and check out the links in description to join the Patreon and Discord.
NEUT5|So here's just a quick overview of what the company does.
NEUT6|Senseonics Holdings is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of long term implantable glucose monitoring systems for people with diabetes, and this is a big area to get into because diabetes is a growing issue, especially here in the United States.
BULL7|As currently just in the United States alone, there's 34 million people with diabetes, and the numbers are expected to go up in the coming years.
BEAR8|Looking at the stock so far today at the time of recording this, the stock is at $3.16, which is down about 3 1/2% so far today.
NEUT9|So the big news, we're all waiting for in this stock is FDA approval on the 180 day glucose monitoring system.
NEUT10|So why is this such a big deal with FDA approval?
BULL11|Assuming that the company gets, it would instantly become an even bigger competitor to Dexcom whose stock price is currently $360.00.
BULL12|With a market cap of $34 billion compared to Send's market cap, which is just over 1 billion in comparison.
BULL13|Now, staying on the theme of comparing the two companies, Dexcom is a much more well established company.
NEUT14|In comparison, the sends, which sends us more but.
BULL15|Up and coming company right now, but I do believe their product is superior to dexcom's.
NEUT16|And at this point sends is still more of a speculative play right now, so there is some risk to it, but this is a risk I'm willing to take it, and this is because I do believe we're going to get FDA approval.
BEAR17|And if we're able to obtain similar contracts to what Dexcom has, I think this company in the stock is going to skyrocket.
NEUT18|Now, that's not to say there's no risk here with this stock, but I am pretty big on sends, gain approval and becoming a rising throughout the Dexcom in the coming years.
NEUT19|Now, I personally know someone who uses Dexcom glucose monitoring systems, and I've talked to him about it and about some Sonics products.
NEUT20|The comparison with someone who actually uses the products and got an explanation from them and how it works and everything.
NEUT21|An they said the Dexcom's monitor is average at best.
NEUT22|Like it gets the job done, but it can be pretty inaccurate at times and having a 10 day where time is pretty inconvenient and just the idea that sends having 180 day where time would be much more convenient.
BULL23|Now, I personally believe sends is going to get approval, and at this stock is going 10 times in the near future.
NEUT24|In the coming years and I'm holding the stock long term but there is still some risk here so it's always good to weigh the pros and cons of a company before you invest in them.
NEUT25|So now we're back to what we're all waiting on for this stock, which is FDA approval.
NEUT26|And so when can we expect this to happen so as to exactly when this will happen?
NEUT27|We don't know, but we're expecting to hear approval between quarter two and three of this year.
BULL28|So based on this, I think we could hear approval towards the end of summer for price predictions by the end of the year.
BULL29|I think there's a good chance that we could see this stack reach $15.00.
BULL30|If not maybe higher than that once we get FDA approval.
NEUT31|But I think up until that point the stocks kind of just going to ride.
NEUT32|As far as price, right?
NEUT33|Along with the market on its ups and downs, and I do see that the stock is a lot of short interest right now so that could come into factor, especially if we get an FDA approval sooner than we expected.
NEUT34|So I'm personally bullish on the stock, but what do you guys think about it?
NEUT35|Let me know your thoughts and price predictions down below.
NEUT36|"Remember, this video isn't financial advice is just for entertainment purposes only."""
