NEUT0|"""Welcome to Robinson investment, valuation insights and educational series."
NEUT1|About techniques we use to deliver hard hitting analysis on business valuations.
NEUT2|In this episode, we take an appreciative look at Effanbee.
NEUT3|Transaction by effanbee we mean restaurants, cafes and other food joints operating as a single eatery or as a chain of outlets.
NEUT4|SMB businesses are often valued as a multiple of the revenue they generate for chains.
NEUT5|Special adjustments are made depending on whether outlets on you or have reached a steady state.
NEUT6|The Coca Cola Company, the world's largest consumer brand, is famous for its aerated beverage and producing various packaged drinks like bottled water and juices.
BULL7|Coke acquired Costa Coffee, the world's second largest chain of coffee cafes, with over 3800 Onan franchise stores worldwide for $5.1 billion.
BULL8|Strategically, the transaction gives Coca-Cola a significant worldwide presence in the larger and relatively less reccuring hot beverages market.
NEUT9|Using the compareable approach, we compare other renowned FMB brands present globally in a quick service restaurant format.
BULL10|We can see that the revenue multiple increases with a higher EBIT da margin.
BULL11|Yum Brands, the owner of Pizza Hut, KFC and other popular brands, has an EBIT da margin of 43%, almost double the margin of Starbucks and simultaneously the revenue.
BEAR12|Multiple is also double, whereas the EBIT da multiple is in a steady range of 15 to 17 times across peer group as Costa has a lower margin than the competitor Starbucks, it should have a lower multiple revenue.
BULL13|Applying around three time revenue, multiple on cost as revenue, we achieve a value very close to $5.1 billion.
NEUT14|We can verify this by taking the mean enterprise value to EBIT down multiple of the peer group, and applying it to Costa Coffee's EBIT da.
NEUT15|Here we again obtain a value close to the value derived from the revenue multiple.
NEUT16|Thank you for watching valuation insights brought to you by Rajan.
NEUT17|Some group, an international investment firm with offices worldwide such as in Brussels, NJC, Singapore, Abu Dhabi and London.
NEUT18|"Find out more info at www.rodf&b.com about who we are and what we do."""
