NEUT0|"""Hey fools, I'm Eric Bleeker, joined here by Ashrafi."
NEUT1|So who helps cover the semi conductor industry among other areas for full.com and clearly with Apple down hugely after earnings.
NEUT2|The question on everyone's mind is the iPhone 6 or maybe not.
BEAR3|But what we are looking at is iPhone disappointment.
NEUT4|I think analysts were looking about 56 or 57 million came in at 51 million.
NEUT5|Hey, but this was the mid cycle kind of refresh is the 5S.
NEUT6|So we're coming into a year where presumably we're going to see the iPhone 6 launch.
BULL7|This will be a very important launch to make sure Apple securing the high end of the market.
NEUT8|I think this is you know, every launch is important, but with the way the high end markets going right now and Apple needing to really maintain its high market share there, I think this actually could be the most important iPhone launch.
NEUT9|Probably since the iPhone 4.
NEUT10|So tell me your thoughts about this and maybe reading the tea leaves have been what direction they can go.
NEUT11|Sure so.
BULL12|Even though I'm not particularly bullish on the growth of the high end of the smartphone market, and it's pretty clearly saturating at this point.
NEUT13|But the nice thing is that Apple has completely left the large screen phablet market untapped as far as its customers are concerned.
BEAR14|So on one hand, you know people will say Oh well, they're missing that opportunity.
NEUT15|That's not a good move, but if Apple is still doing these kinds of numbers with a 5S, which is basically an iPhone 5 with the Touch ID.
BULL16|Better internals you know, they could see a real nice spike if they were to just go much more broadly with their screen sizes and form factors on the phone.
NEUT17|So you get some of the rumors saying, hey, you know they're going to.
NEUT18|They're going to a 4.5 inch plus or five inch plus that would a you still have a smallish iPhone 6, four point 5 inches, and obscenely huge and give you more screen real estate.
BULL19|Probably given better, bigger thermal envelope probably could make the thing thinner.
NEUT20|And then you know, a much larger one which could really appeal to those who like you, know the high end phablets.
NEUT21|You know.
NEUT22|If the Galaxy Note so.
NEUT23|Not only could they.
NEUT24|And do these new devices that.
BULL25|Really, grab more of that high end share that they've been leaving on the table, but you know they could also see an increase in average selling price because those tablets entry level Galaxy Note 3 sells for 300 bucks with contract rather than 200, so they could see ASP uplift.
BULL26|They probably improved margins so not all is lossed.
NEUT27|You know, just because the iPhone 5S isn't meeting wild expectations but now the iPhone 6 will be dramatically different, hopefully.
NEUT28|Or dramatically better, I mean, different isn't always sure, but yeah, you know with the completely refresh design, maybe spanning multiple screen sizes, giving users more options, they could capture more of the high end.
BULL29|And even in his flat to slow growth high end market, they could still see some pretty outsized growth, and that's something that Apple investors should still be hopeful for.
NEUT30|Definitely, growth is always good when it comes to investing, so there you have it.
NEUT31|A preview of some potential iPhone 6.
NEUT32|New form factors.
NEUT33|"So for all your news on Apple and all things Tech, check back to full com fulan."""
