NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol M RNA."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|We're not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR4|Well, another rough day on this one.
NEUT5|What had appeared to have been maybe some sort of?
BEAR6|Bottoming out here on late last week with a little uptrend here, got the answer to that this morning with a gap down and then after the gap down the price, you know, just broke down below that trendline and then down.
NEUT7|It's gone from there so that was quickly wiped away that, Nope, that was not any sort of bottoming that played out, and now it's just a question of is this some sort of bottom that's playing out here because they give credit credits to at least the price?
NEUT8|Did start to go sideways here after getting that big beat down?
NEUT9|No, don't get me wrong, and I wish I could say training is easy just because the price started to go sideways after you know, getting severely.
NEUT10|Pushed in the down instruction does not mean that for sure.
NEUT11|Guaranteed this is the bottom and that a bounce is coming.
NEUT12|If only it were that easy.
NEUT13|My point here is, it's at least a valid.
NEUT14|It's at least the rational thought to have that you know, maybe this is finally some sort of bottom that's forming.
NEUT15|And that's also what brings about and makes this area of support very, very important.
NEUT16|Moving forward here at 1:22 for nothing fancy, just very simple logic.
NEUT17|If this is the bottom will, then by definition that means the price needs to stop going down.
NEUT18|Stop going down relative to what will stop going down relative to you.
NEUT19|Know where it's you know, bottomed out a couple of times before at 122.
BULL20|So as long as the price does stay above 122 doesn't guarantee anything, but it does make it more than valid more than rational to say OK, it's looking like the bottom may finally be here.
NEUT21|So for those reasons, definitely 122 going to be a very important level to watch as far as levels of resistance, main overarching level, all about that Purple line, right there.
NEUT22|The 50.
NEUT23|Moving average you can see right there is the most recent example of it, you know.
NEUT24|Providing an annoyance, I guess that's the polite way to say it just being a very annoying level, but also in the very near term you're going to want to keep an eye on that level right there at the 125 mark, which was basically the top part of this little miniature channel here that form the price could never quite get above that area, so keep an eye on that and then that 50.
NEUT25|Moving average.
NEUT26|But the week is young just getting started, so let's see how this one continues to play out.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT29|But it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL30|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but.
BEAR33|In a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT36|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT37|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT38|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT40|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT41|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT42|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
