BULL0|"""Alex, this is an historic day."
NEUT1|I think we've all kind of waited for the wartime footing that our nation needed to be on.
NEUT2|J&J understands that better than anyone, as do you, a veteran, tell me what happened today that made it so that we really are in a chance to be able to maybe end this thing sooner than we thought.
BULL3|Well, Jim, extraordinary times take extraordinary efforts and after this weekend when we got a vote of approval from the FDA Advisory Committee and the Advisory Committee for Immunological Practices by the CDC, giving us the go ahead, we've signed another very exciting agreement with Merck and with the United States government today.
BULL4|Announcing that we're going to be doing even more to accelerate and to increase the production and the supply of our vaccine Cabinet candidate for COVID-19 And So what this means is that Americans are going to get shots in the arm faster, and we're very excited about the potential impact that this can have overall on the situation.
BULL5|And, you know, I think it's another also testament to the potential that this vaccine truly has.
NEUT6|Now you have been operating correct 24/7 to be able to get people these.
NEUT7|And now you're apparently moving, pulling up to 100,000,000 for May instead of June.
BULL8|Well, Jim, what we're doing is we've been working flat out as you know, and it hasn't only been for the last several weeks or several months, but really for the last 13 months ramping up production facility to go from zero files to 100,000,000 miles in the first half of this year is a huge undertaking, and we pulled together a very extensive network of internal and external partners of other suppliers both here as well as European and other locations throughout the world.
BULL9|And that's given us the confidence.
NEUT10|And frankly, the capability to ship the four million doses that were in the process of doing literally as we speak, you know about our commitment to deliver 20 million by the end of March and now working with Merck, working with the government.
BULL11|We're working on his goal to accelerate even further.
NEUT12|The supply that we're going to have in the coming months.
NEUT13|Don't miss a second of mad money.
NEUT14|Follow at Jim Cramer on Twitter.
NEUT15|Have a question?
NEUT16|Tweet Cramer hashtag mad tweets send Jim an email to mad money at cnbc.com or give us a call at one 807 four three CNBC.
NEUT17|Miss something head to madmoney.cnbc.com.
NEUT18|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT19|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
