NEUT0|"""We assume that you and or Greylock are still a sizable investors in the company."
BULL1|I sure hope you are well.
NEUT2|Thank you Frank.
BULL3|Entire first of all, and yes, we're excited about this.
BULL4|This opening and this next step in the journey of this Roblox, we've been excited to be investors for a number of years and have watched this journey, and I'm glad to see that the public is now going to be able to be part of it as well.
NEUT5|So where does this company go from here?
NEUT6|What is the, what is its ambition?
NEUT7|I get what it is.
NEUT8|I want to know what it's going to become.
NEUT9|Yeah, look, I think the vision that to his credit, David bouzouki has had from the very beginning is really that Roblox should be able to take the essence of human interaction, both social and enjoyment and play and entertainment and games and build on that in a virtual space such that you could realize the idea of the Metaverse that was first of many many years ago by science fiction writers as a virtual shared space where people can share all kinds of things and gaming is a perfect place to start from that you.
NEUT10|Your gaming is always been part of the human experience, but I think it grows beyond that.
NEUT11|We see that now in last year the little Nas X concert we had thirty million concurrent users over the time with that concert.
NEUT12|And if you think about an entertainer, the amount of life venues that have to go to take the aggregate up thirty million live viewers.
NEUT13|It just gives you a piece of what that vector could go along, both gaming but also entertainment.
BEAR14|We've seen over the we've seen over there making a pandemic.
NEUT15|People use it for virtual classrooms or fundraisers.
NEUT16|So so it is a platform for more than just gaming.
NEUT17|It could be a platform for really anything, live events, lectures, schools, performance and so forth, and so that's the old so.
NEUT18|It would be convenient to say Roblox is going to be the Netflix of games.
NEUT19|It could be convenient to call it the App Store of of apps, but it is different than that, isn't it?
NEUT20|Yes, I think that's part of what it is, but but again, another part of Davis vision was it should be a platform.
NEUT21|It should inspire creators and we have over 8,000,000 views of them and growing to create the experiences that our users want.
NEUT22|And we shouldn't decide what those are.
NEUT23|Roblox and decide that it should create the environment, give the tools, have the cloud services to allow that creativity to be unleashed, and see where it goes.
BULL24|And I think we're really only in the early innings of that and they have the opportunity to really be the first company to be a pure platform company to realize that vision.
BULL25|Get over your platform is definitely gaining popularity.
NEUT26|I know a lot of people who are in Generation X and generation hashtag or on here in their developing games and buying things and selling things, but I think I want to follow up with one of those questions.
NEUT27|Where do you go from here?
NEUT28|Do you have the ability or do you believe Roblox has the ability to create an ecosystem like an Apple has where it's not necessarily the products or the services being part of that community, or even to a different extent as a cash app has?
NEUT29|Or will this just be another platform that people will get on for awhile and maybe transfer from where I dare to say it?
NEUT30|Like a Facebook where a lot of young people have said?
NEUT31|I'm not really into Facebook anymore.
NEUT32|I'm moving on.
NEUT33|Sure, so I look.
NEUT34|I think the beauty of being a platform and I'll just use the analogy for games now, but applies to any other area is Roblox doesn't decide what it is.
NEUT35|If you're an Electronic Arts, are you on activation you have to make bets on games you have to hire a huge development teams and you hope those bets play out almost like a movie studio.
NEUT36|Roblox allows the community of creators in the community of users and that interaction of a market interaction to decide what's really great.
NEUT37|And so I think as they provide, the tools will see all kinds of new things.
NEUT38|And Roblox doesn't have to a priority decide what those are.
NEUT39|That's the community to decide.
NEUT40|So it has a lot more diversity of potential.
NEUT41|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT42|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
