NEUT0|"""Every I want to use a copper as a global proxy, and particularly the China proxy bring up the chart."
NEUT1|This is a chart every Hambro knows well.
NEUT2|This is inflation adjusted copper real copper with long term lowering deflation.
NEUT3|A lowering price adjusted for inflation.
NEUT4|The huge China boom and then down we go recently and then this huge ambiguity.
NEUT5|Ambiguous movie revi.
NEUT6|What is your call on the direction of something as foundational as copper?
NEUT7|Yeah, it's a.
NEUT8|It's a great question, Tom.
NEUT9|I think a cop's always been a barometer of World Economic growth and activity.
BEAR10|Or was he seeing you know, some slower data coming out of many of the economies around the world, so you have seen copper prices trade back below $3 a pound, so that levels there at today.
NEUT11|However, the supply side of the copper market is the one that's really intriguing to us.
BEAR12|A lack of investment into new supply combined with high levels of disruptions this year and low levels of imagery.
BULL13|An in warehouses around the world does make the copper market look pretty tight, and as we look forward into the future with demand likely to rise with increased electrification, we've got the move to electric vehicles and and so on that's taking place.
NEUT14|You know, the prospects for that demand supply balance, or ones where we should start to see copper prices trading higher rather than lower me.
NEUT15|Buried in your report is a single sentence that's crucial free cash flow.
NEUT16|It binding shows a whole new World they've really straightened out the expense side, and that whole silly vision thing.
NEUT17|From 10 and 20 years ago, have they really done it or are they going to get stupid again?
NEUT18|Yeah, well, this is a subject we've talked about a bit time over the last year or so and coming on to this show, and I think that you know the evidence is is the best thing to look at here.
BULL19|The companies have been resilient on their strategy.
NEUT20|They focused on free cash flow generation.
NEUT21|They focused on debt reduction.
BEAR22|They haven't been spending money unwisely, and they've been returning surplus cash back to shareholders.
NEUT23|I think all of these factors when you put them together make a very compelling story for resource Equities.
NEUT24|When you start to see some of the challenges that many other companies are.
BEAR25|A struggling through with regards to technology and the disruption that's taking place to their existing businesses.
NEUT26|"When you look at the payout ratios of dividends of some kind of core dividend companies that many people own in their portfolios and their relying on those for income with the resource companies having little debt very, very well covered dividends and these very high levels of cash flow generation, I can't understand why the sector isn't better rated than it is today."""
