NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Well the chart and I use this verbiage in the video from Tuesday was hanging in there.
NEUT4|The price was hanging on, but today it could hang on no longer and on it went through a pretty important level.
NEUT5|But before I get to that, let me just do a little house cleaning, get rid of those lines.
NEUT6|Sure, those levels pertain, they're just not really relevant right now.
BULL7|And from a presentation standpoint I don't want to risk causing clutter confusion 'cause there's lines are very long, so let's try to keep this as clean as possible, But the first big level that was broken today and that quote unquote hanging on point, was that green line there of support, which the price had been doing a good job of even on Tuesday, when the markets were getting shaky, Apple was still able to hold above that one 2150 mark.
NEUT8|But the price is now broken down below there and that also brings about the first key update, which is just based on a foundation rule in charting which states when levels of support are broken enclosed below.
NEUT9|They tend to act as resistance, so one 2150 now going to be the main area of resistance where the price does try to consolidate out and then it works way back upwards.
NEUT10|You know that's where the big question Mark now resides, not necessarily in the price.
NEUT11|Get back up to that level, but can the price actually break above it and stay above it?
NEUT12|So just keep a close eye on that.
NEUT13|Like I said, if there is any sort of attempted upwards movements now as far as levels of support, a concern.
BEAR14|The load from a couple days ago at the one 1975 mark are definitely in play here and it just off a bit context.
NEUT15|You can see that.
NEUT16|There was.
BEAR17|Some general area right there, general area right there right there an once again prices getting down around that area.
NEUT18|So I mean that doesn't mean that it's for sure.
NEUT19|Going guaranteed going down to one 1975, but my point here is I don't think anybody would be shocked to see the price.
NEUT20|Now go down there at minimum to one 1975 and if the price doesn't hold above that area, next key level of support then for Apple would be down there right around the 119 ish mark.
NEUT21|So overall though those will be the main levels of Technical Support and resistance moving into Thursday, so we'll see how it all plays out.
NEUT22|First off thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT23|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT24|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL25|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT26|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT27|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT28|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it all though, including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT33|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT34|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT35|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT36|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
