NEUT0|"""I'm Daniel Hale, chief economist for realtor.com, and here's what you need to know."
BEAR1|This week, the jobs report shows that the unemployment rate declined again in November, and more jobs are added in transportation and warehousing.
NEUT2|Professional and business services, and the healthcare industries.
BULL3|Progress is good, but again the pace slowed raising concerns, particularly as we still have roughly 10 million fewer jobs now than in February, and Covid case levels are high and climbing.
BULL4|Fed Chair Powell and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin both testified before Congress this week urging for additional stimulus to support vulnerable households and businesses until the economy is more fully healed.
NEUT5|Turning to real estate.
BEAR6|Recent data show is still hot housing market thanks in part to another new low in mortgage rates.
BULL7|Buyer demand is high and November data show home price growth of more than 12%.
BEAR8|Although there were fewer new sellers nationwide than a year ago, the North East and the West regions, some more homes going up for sale than last November.
BEAR9|The housing market isn't totally ignoring the season and we did see a slight pullback in prices, so they're no longer at Summer's peak, but the slowdown is much smaller than we typically see this time of year.
NEUT10|What does this mean for what's ahead?
BULL11|We released our 2021 housing market forecast and economic outlook this week, and we expect the housing market to continue to have momentum in 2021 when we may see some down months for the year as a whole.
BULL12|We expect home sales to rise 7% and home prices to rise another.
BULL13|Five point 7% from this year's highs.
BULL14|Well, we expect mortgage rates to remain low early in the year by the end of the year we see rates approaching 3.4%.
BEAR15|That means even though prices are expected to rise more slowly next year, buyers will see a bigger impact on monthly mortgage payments because they won't have falling mortgage rates to offset home price increases.
NEUT16|Find additional forecast insights plus our predictions for your housing market and download recent data at realtor.com/research or follow us on Twitter.
NEUT17|"For real time updates have a question about the economy or housing market you want answered, ask away."""
