NEUT0|"""Walk us through how you see what we've seen coming out of the United States specifically impacting Asian markets because at the end of the day, this is something that's going to have a global implication."
BULL1|Sure, but I mean I, I guess I have the last two weeks we saw, you know, an enormously aggressive fiscal and monetary policy response, not just from the US, But from you know, nearly all of the G20 nations you know, and that helped the markets pick up.
BULL2|We had a really good rally in the S&P almost, I think a 20% rally from Tuesday's low last week we had.
BEAR3|We've had, you know, the 10 year bond yields come back under 1%.
BEAR4|Investment grade credit spreads have narrowed.
NEUT5|This is all.
BULL6|All good news.
BEAR7|But the problem is that you know there are a couple of things that are really troubling the market.
NEUT8|The first thing is that we we still don't know what the economic consequences of COVID-19 are going to be last Friday.
BEAR9|You know, we had a couple of the big big US houses dramatically lowering their earnings forecasts for the S&P.
BEAR10|In some cases down by 25% or more, we had a number of firms lower their economic forecasts.
NEUT11|You know, Moody's would be a good example there.
BULL12|Now, forecasting minus 2% GDP growth in the US this year.
NEUT13|You know, so those economic forecasts you know, just the real economic consequences of COVID-19 kind of now studying, I think, to weigh on the market.
BULL14|You know, I think, well, what we've seen is that although the stock market rallied nicely last week, implied volatility, which is normally measured by the VIX index, stayed very high at nearly 60% in the past.
BEAR15|Whenever you've had a strong rally in stocks combined with a very high rating on the VIX, that is, you know, refused to fall.
BEAR16|It's always been a bear market rally, so I think what we should expect is that the US equity markets going to fall back.
BEAR17|From the highs that we had last week, it probably will retest the lows, maybe even make new lows, and I think what it's going to be very important to watch over the next week or so is to see whether or not people retain their confidence that the Fed has the situation under control.
BEAR18|One of the things that we noticed over the last two weeks is that key funding markets U.S. dollar funding markets have remained stressed.
NEUT19|A good example of that would be the offshore U.S. dollar market, the Libor three month Libor rate has nearly doubled since the second week of March and it was rising all through last week as equity markets are rallying, so there's a lot of funding pressure outside of the US that the Fed, even though they've pumped more than a trillion dollars.
BEAR20|You know into into monetizing markets that the the liquidity injection hasn't really helped, and I think that's going to resurface as a major concern this week.
NEUT21|So I don't think we're through the worst of it just yet.
NEUT22|"We've probably got, you know, a little bit further to go."""
