NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 29th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT2|NIO investors how to handle dips?
BEAR3|Alright let's get started due to the craziness in the stock market caused by GameStop, this has left many investors, specifically Anio investors unsure on how to handle the stock market when it is so volatile.
BEAR4|Currently GameStop stock prices are extremely inflated and the stock is incredibly overvalued.
BEAR5|As a result, indexes are experiencing a large downturn, but all is not lost.
NEUT6|Here are some tips for NIO investors on how to handle dips and stay in the green when markets are out of hand.
BULL7|One invested for the long haul, long term investments are great due to the fact that when markets get crazy or even crash, your portfolio will only take a temporary hit if you leave your stocks alone for the long haul, you will see stock price and values to recover overtime even when the market is volatile.
NEUT8|Over time, long term investors will see the market stabilize and return to its normal volume trading and it will not cost you a dime to diversify.
BULL9|Though we love Nio at financial health, we do suggest diversification in your portfolio.
NEUT10|Check out our second channel in the description to see what other stocks financial health is investing in.
BEAR11|When the market is in a decline.
NEUT12|Like now your results may vary and perhaps for the better if you've invested money across different baskets of asset classes.
NEUT13|If you've gone with up, set it and forget it.
NEUT14|Strategy like investing in a target date retirement fund as many 401K plans allow you to do.
NEUT15|Or using a robo advisor.
BULL16|Diversification already is built in.
NEUT17|In this case it's best to sit tight and trust that your portfolio is ready to ride out the storm.
BULL18|You will still experience some short term jolts, but this will help you avoid losses from which your portfolio can't recover.
BEAR19|Three know what you own, an emotional reaction to a temporary slump isn't a good reason to dump an investment.
NEUT20|Part of doing stock research is crafting a written record of the strengths and purpose of every investment in your portfolio.
NEUT21|As we have said on this channel, always look at the fundamentals.
NEUT22|If the fundamentals are strong like NIO, then invest during a market downturn.
NEUT23|This document can prevent you from tossing a perfectly good long term investment from your portfolio just because it had a bad day.
NEUT24|It's like an investing road map, a tangible reminder of the things that make a stock worth holding conclusion.
BULL25|Unfortunately, many investors don't take a long term approach to building their portfolios and lose out in the end because they keep looking for short term profits when the market is so volatile like this shorters feel the most pain while long term investor take these downturn in stride for NIO, investors hold long and strong we will come out on the other side of this volatile market and reap the benefits.
NEUT26|That's what's been happening this week in the world of Neo.
NEUT27|Stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT28|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT29|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL30|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT31|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT32|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
