BEAR0|"""Boeing's woes continue today."
BEAR1|The Wall Street Journal reporting there's friction between US and European regulators that could delay the 737.
NEUT2|Max's return to service.
NEUT3|It appears European regulators are pushing for more tests.
NEUT4|Joining me now is Andrew Tangel.
NEUT5|He's the Co.
NEUT6|Author of this piece in the Journal today.
NEUT7|Andrew, what can you tell us what seems to be the hang up here?
NEUT8|Well, the European regulators want more and more testing of part of a fix that Boeing has been working on with the FAA since earlier this year.
NEUT9|It's not directly related to the M cast flight control system that's been implicated in the two 737 Max crashes, but it has to do with how the Max is 2 flight control computers.
BEAR10|Work together in tandem to add redundancy should there be a computer chip malfunction in flight, the Europeans have been asking a lot of questions and as we reported they would like some additional risks scenarios to be tested and it's causing some frustration because it's not clear what exactly are the measures that would allay their concerns right, or how long would this take?
NEUT11|Most importantly, Andrew, how big of a delay are we talking?
NEUT12|That remains to be seen.
NEUT13|Boeing and the FAA have said, you know there's no clear timeline and Boeing has said it's really in the hands of regulators.
NEUT14|Now we know that the FAA and Boeing have informally sort of been targeting early November or early fourth quarter, which we're now in for the ungrounding order to be issued, but the FAA is concerned about geopolitics and working with other world regulators.
NEUT15|To unground the Max in Unison so that passengers and airlines can have confidence in the work that Boeing and the FAA have been working on to fix the Max is flight control system, so the FA would like the European regulators to come along with them and it remains to be seen when the when the phase European counterparts are going to agree.
NEUT16|With the technical aspects of the fix and also the related sort of training and other matters that come along with it so it could be a matter of weeks or months, but it really has yet to be seen.
NEUT17|If ASA is going to change its position and come on board with the FAA.
BULL18|Yeah, not to mention like you said, it could set an industry wide precedent for foreign authorities.
NEUT19|Second guessing determinations by the FAA, so lots more ramifications to come.
BULL20|"Andrew, thanks very much."""
