NEUT0|"""But also, this app then crawls through your social network and captures all of that data over the weekend."
NEUT1|On Saturday, a subcontractor for Cambridge Analytica spoke to the New York Times and The Observer newspaper to talk about how Cambridge Analytica actually took data from people on Facebook to help it create a campaign for Donald Trump when he was running for the presidential election.
NEUT2|So Cambridge Analytica used the data that came from.
NEUT3|An academic at Cambridge University, this academic made an app.
NEUT4|It was a personality quiz that he posted on Facebook.
NEUT5|Anyone could download it and answer questions about themselves in the back end.
NEUT6|That app was actually taking personal data about those people who downloaded the app and also data on all those people's friends.
NEUT7|So 270,000 people downloaded the app, but all those people had friends on Facebook, which is why Cambridge Analytica through this app was able to get data on.
NEUT8|Fifty million people they use this understanding and the data that they collected from the app to inform the marketing that they did on behalf of the Donald Trump campaign.
NEUT9|The Cambridge academic who made the personality quiz, whose name was Alexander Cogan.
NEUT10|Past all the data that he collected from those people who filled out his quiz on to Cambridge Analytica.
NEUT11|Now under Facebook's terms, that was against the rules you're not supposed to pass on data like that too.
BEAR12|A third party, which is why Facebook called on Cambridge Analytica to delete that data.
BEAR13|Now what people are upset about now is first of all that Facebook did not disclose to users that this data had been collected by the company and it's also hard to determine whether Facebook can make other companies accountable to what they're doing with that data.
NEUT14|I was able to sit down with the CEO of Cambridge Analytica, Alexander Nicks in March 2017.
BEAR15|From the moment I started asking him questions, he seemed angry.
NEUT16|He was frowning a lot.
NEUT17|He said that journalists came in with suppositions before even exploring what was really going on with his company.
NEUT18|He definitely seemed like he had a chip on his shoulder about the press.
NEUT19|People have known for years that advertisers can get our data on Facebook.
NEUT20|They can target us with ads, but for some reason now, perhaps because of the environment.
BEAR21|Because people are already upset about Facebook.
NEUT22|This story somehow resonated enough.
BEAR23|That people have been selling their shares.
BEAR24|"They have been tweeting to delete Facebook and if millions of people actually do delete Facebook, that's going to have a massive impact on the company going forwards."""
