NEUT0|"""Good morning, welcome in three minutes on markets and money."
NEUT1|I'm your host, Lance Roberts.
NEUT2|And let's get into the first trading week of April and talk about why we increased exposure here over the last couple of weeks.
NEUT3|Over the last two weeks.
BULL4|As we were kind of in this consolidation pattern within the markets, we talked about that we increased exposures some more, beat down tech stocks.
NEUT5|We had added some exposure to financials and energy.
NEUT6|And really kind of working this barbell approach within portfolios to kind of participate with this reopening recovery.
NEUT7|There's a lot of hope here that it's going to be all reopening and it's all very strong and this is a man fantastic and so financials and energy and materials.
NEUT8|Those will be the clear winners.
NEUT9|There's another side of the story that also says, well, you know what?
NEUT10|We may get.
BULL11|Some recovery here may not be as strong as we expect, so that's going to be really where stocks that can kind of grow earnings in any type of environment like technology.
BULL12|Will do well, so having a little bit of exposure to both of these kind of this barbeled approach to the market gives us the ability to participate and still hedge some risk within the portfolios in case something doesn't workout as well as we expect.
BULL13|So last week we did began talking about as this money flows I signal was being triggered an we saw on Thursday a very big jump in volume which was very positive for the stock.
NEUT14|Also saw triggering of the Mac D by signal as well.
NEUT15|So now we have two by signals confirming each other at this point.
BULL16|Leading us to say OK look, let's increase exposure further.
BULL17|We did that markets broke out to all time highs at the beginning of April.
BULL18|This is good.
BULL19|We're going to get some follow through today.
BULL20|That's even more encouraging.
BULL21|So now that we've got this new kind of breakout level, this is going to become the first level of support to retest.
BULL22|So if we can retest at some point here in the next few days, this kind of opening breakout level and hold that that's going to suggest that we should see the market continue higher here over the next.
NEUT23|At least two or three weeks.
BEAR24|As we talked about earlier, we did trigger this money flow by signal here, but unfortunately this triggered at a level higher than normal and a good sell off in the market.
BULL25|A good correction that leads to a better buying opportunity.
BULL26|We get a much deeper cell signal.
NEUT27|We didn't get that this time, and typically when we see these signals trigger at a little higher level, they typically tend to be a bit shorter in nature in terms of time span, so triggering the signal here gives us maybe three weeks or so before we get the next cell signal, so again.
BULL28|Well, we do expect higher levels in the markets here over the next month, probably not drastically higher.
BULL29|We might see this market one or two percent higher for the month, and likely a bit more chopping around here over the next really kind of couple of weeks once we get into summer.
NEUT30|That's where the real risk of a bigger correction comes in.
NEUT31|And when we get the next cell signal on the market, that's where we want to pay much more attention to our risk exposure.
BULL32|Because as we get into summer, that's where we're going to really kind of see the peak of earnings growth, the peak of economic activity, and we have a much better outlook.
NEUT33|It really just how strong this recovery is.
NEUT34|And also have a much better idea of what interest rates and inflation or actually doing and how that's going to impact the economy.
NEUT35|So again, just things were paying attention to here again, we're near full exposure.
NEUT36|It's OK for right now.
NEUT37|We're still running a lot of our risk management controls, an holding just a smidge of cash here at this point.
NEUT38|So if you have any questions or comments, get by the website.
NEUT39|Be sure and email list.
NEUT40|"Realinvestmentadvice.com host Lance Roberts for three minutes on markets and money will see you tomorrow."""
