NEUT0|"""What is the distinction here?"
NEUT1|Is the collapse of the consumer that is causing such a grim outlook, or is it something else?
NEUT2|I was really interesting in this is that we tend to think of sectors like manufacturing is being very cyclical and those are the first to fall over in downturns.
BEAR3|Whereas here we're at we're taking a conscious decision to shut down economies for health reasons and it's affecting all sectors and particularly those that have very labor intensive in the service sector.
NEUT4|So things weakness across the board, well, I think has changed over the past few days and weeks.
NEUT5|Is that just the shared magnitude?
BULL6|As the lockdowns in the shutdowns across Europe is starting to to come through and analysts are starting to project that on to what might happen in the US, the second thing I wish I think rightly is starting to happen is an appreciation of the fact that even once the lockdowns are lifted, workplaces reopen.
NEUT7|I think there's going to.
NEUT8|We're going back to a world where demand is going to be.
BEAR9|Permanently subdued because corporate households, animal spirits are going to be going to be diminished.
NEUT10|Morgan Stanley on a similar coming out and saying that the action by the Federal Reserve last week, showing that the Fed is all in.
NEUT11|In trying to avoid an L shaped recovery if animal spirits are subdued and you don't think that demand picture comes back right away, what letter of that alphabet are you predicting when it comes to an economic recovery?
NEUT12|Well, the economist loves to tie themselves up in this alphabet soup of different recoveries.
NEUT13|V shape W shape you shape else change a shape.
NEUT14|I think what's gonna happen is that.
NEUT15|When workplaces reopen and lockdowns lifted, it will start to look like a V shape quite quickly because production will start to come back.
NEUT16|The supply side of the economy will start to get working again, but then will be slept well quite quickly.
BEAR17|Run into this reality of weaker demand so things will start to level off.
BULL18|So if you look at the level of GDP, I think initially it will start to look like a V shape and will reassure ourselves that we're we're going back to business as usual.
BULL19|But then as the reality of weaker demand starts to come through.
BEAR20|Businesses are slower to pick up investment.
BEAR21|Consumers are slower to to pick up spending.
BEAR22|I think will be hit by this weakness.
BULL23|It demanded things will start to level off.
NEUT24|So so my my sense is that it's going to change over time.
BEAR25|Walk me through some of the inflationary dynamics CPI data on Friday was worse than expected.
NEUT26|Chris Rocky over at MUFG says deflationary forces are the difference between a recession and a depression.
NEUT27|Are you now worried about the lack of inflation?
NEUT28|Well, I think in the this is another area where economists have tide themselves in not is this a deflationary or inflationary shock?
BEAR29|And it's possible to imagine it might be inflationary because of course you shut down the supply side of the economy as well as there being demand weakness.
BEAR30|So depending on how those two things play out because of the other inflationary or deflationary, my senses in the first instance is certainly disinflationary, not least because oil prices are coming down.
BEAR31|And that's going to knock a fair chunk off of.
BEAR32|Headline inflation in the in these last economies over the coming months and quarters.
NEUT33|So this coordination is concerned.
BULL34|I think that will dampen down to partly because it was something in the labor market, but we know that the Phillips curve is flatter now than it has been in the past, even in the 08 crisis core inflation came came off a bit, but it didn't collapse into negative territory, at least in the US.
NEUT35|"So my sense of deflation, if I had to pick between in the short term weather deflation or inflation as the biggest threat, I certainly think it's probably deflation in the short term."""
