BEAR0|"""Covid year was was was turbulent and tough for everybody."
BULL1|You know we were very pleased to come through the growing revenue and profit and earnings despite the the pandemic.
BULL2|So but I think actually what it what is enable us to do is to accelerate the transformation of our business so you know, we've we've developed and invested in new capabilities, new ways of bringing this reduced risk portfolio to our consumers.
NEUT3|E-commerce would be a really good example, not a capability we had in our combustible business, a capability which we are developing very well in our.
BULL4|New categories business e-commerce was up year over year about 65%.
BULL5|We now have nearly 20,000 subscribers, which is an innovative new way of of reaching consumers as well.
BULL6|So I think it's allowed us to more radically, you know, shake up the way we do business and and sort of underpinned this transformation from a tobacco company to a company which is more about technology.
NEUT7|Kingsley, Speaking of which, we have seen no two companies list in the UK involved in cannabis, and some of these are in some ways technology companies are using new applications to try to roll up medicinal medicinal cannabis.
NEUT8|Are you too slow to pick up on the cannabis trend?
NEUT9|Well, we you know.
NEUT10|Last year when we came out with our whole strategy, we signaled that we would look at consumer spaces beyond nicotine.
NEUT11|And indeed CBD would be one of those.
NEUT12|In January we launched our views new to world CBD vaping products in a pilot market in Manchester.
NEUT13|It's it's.
NEUT14|It's there now where we're testing and learning and understanding that so we have indeed signaled that is being seen makes this transformation from a company that defines itself by the product that we sell to the consumer needs that we meet.
NEUT15|We are indeed going to think about and we and we are going beyond just the tobacco and nicotine space.
NEUT16|What do you make of the growth though that you're witnessing in that part of the market and clearly two components as we talk about recreational medicinal.
NEUT17|But you know what is your industry think as you look at this transition?
NEUT18|You know clearly you've seen the cigarette use being impacted and then you have stretch for new markets.
BULL19|But have you been amazed by just how strong the growth has been in cannabis?
NEUT20|Well, this is a very different regulatory landscape.
NEUT21|As you go around the world in many markets remain.
NEUT22|Currently you know inaccessible for regulatory reasons.
NEUT23|I would draw a very big distinction between CBD and and other forms of cannabis.
NEUT24|Here we're interested in CBD, but I think the bigger point is we're trying to build the the portfolio of the future for our business.
NEUT25|We're trying to build the brands of the future.
NEUT26|We're trying to meet Consumer needs that smoking used to meet with and you transform portfolio.
NEUT27|And one possible solution in there is CBD, but there will possibly be others, so it's it's not just about CBD.
NEUT28|The regulatory environment is different all over the world.
NEUT29|We track that very closely, but obviously it is.
BULL30|"It is an exciting growth area, you know for our business for the future."""
