NEUT0|"""Life is really just the manifestation of other people's visions, and I think ultimately you understand that life is not a set of constraints that you really have to optimize under."
NEUT1|Once you internalize that, I think you understand that really you can do anything to make a difference and to really see through your vision of how things should be, because that's exactly what happened for other people.
NEUT2|My name is Alex legal and I'm the CEO and Co founder of Layer One Technologies.
BULL3|My company creates a sustainable future for the Internet's growing computing needs.
NEUT4|Specifically, we built Bitcoin mining data centers that help stabilize energy grids in the US and global climate change is real and ultimately we have to do something about it and I think it's about finding a way that aligns incentives building these data centers allows us to solve systemic.
NEUT5|Energy grid issues and ultimately also enable the future of sustainable energy production going forward.
NEUT6|The American dream means that what I'm able to do is not constrained by how you look, how you, how old you are, what you have, it's really just what's your raw horsepower, and getting something done.
NEUT7|It's probably a good combination of arrogance and abt that leads to entrepreneurship because you're arrogant enough to think that you can do it better than others, and you're naive enough to actually try it.
NEUT8|You try multiple times different vectors that you think are worth pursuing, and ultimately you end up stumbling upon an idea or an opportunity that really seems.
NEUT9|For the taking and giving it all you have, once you are in that position that you have no other choice, you really have to give it all you got and have to see it through.
BULL10|And ultimately if it fails so be it and you tried your very best and you still made a difference.
BULL11|"If you are successful, well then that's phenomenal and hopefully you really do create an even bigger difference than you could have ever imagined."""
