BULL0|"""OK then, so we're going to make this a quick one."
NEUT1|Welcome back to a new episode.
NEUT2|In this one, we're looking at BFT stock.
NEUT3|Of course, this one has kind of been picking up ever since about the 15th onwards.
NEUT4|Open till about what the 21st?
BEAR5|From there we are down over the past two or three or four days.
BEAR6|And now we're looking at this one at quite a low point in relation to where we were today is looking kind of flat in relation to the previous week, so honestly, some potentially decent things hopefully to come with this one.
BULL7|And like I said, we are still seeing a bit of that red action today.
BEAR8|But it's a bit less steep than we have been seen in previous days.
NEUT9|The question for tonight's episode is, do I think this one is going to stay going down, or do I think it's actually going to flat now and potentially even pick up?
NEUT10|Well, of course, all of that kind of good stuff is coming out in tonight's episode.
NEUT11|It is just my opinion guys.
NEUT12|And of course I am not sponsored by any of the companies which I review, so please do bear that in mind.
NEUT13|It's just my opinion, and of course make sure to do your own research both.
NEUT14|It sounds like a plan.
NEUT15|Please leave a like and subscribe.
BULL16|It would be massively appreciated.
NEUT17|And of course if you want to become a channel member you can do that.
BULL18|It would help us out a lot.
NEUT19|And if you wanted to come talk to us on Discord, you can link to the discord is down in the description box with a lot being said that we are going to jump straight into this episode.
NEUT20|So guys, we're going to quickly start off having another look at what the company does going on the website for pay save, which is of course on the company which BFT is merging with.
NEUT21|We can basically see that they provide online wallets and other type of payment.
NEUT22|You know, basically business plans and obviously a lot of this kind of stuff is really quite widespread.
NEUT23|Admin it in the sense that a lot more people are using it as they were pre pandemic is of course a lot more people are now taking their money online because they just don't want that in hand transmission through cash.
NEUT24|So honestly it will make sense of this one.
BULL25|Is probably doing a bit better than was previously.
BULL26|On top of that, we've had a bit of a partnership with Microsoft and a few other decent companies which we can see down here.
NEUT27|So realistically you guys is starting to make sense that this one is potentially going to be a big company.
NEUT28|It was founded back in 1997.
NEUT29|I do believe I could be incorrect on that one, but obviously it was founded along time ago and we can really see that this one does have some big potential.
NEUT30|Don't get me wrong, in my opinion is not going to be as big as companies like PayPal is not really as well established, but you know what?
NEUT31|There is still some big potential for this one, so of course look at this one over the past month.
BULL32|You know we are starting to hopefully see a bit of a flattening out in the next two to three days.
BULL33|Honestly, it does make sense that has gone down because when we look at this one realistically guys, it has gone up by such a big amount and fair enough.
BULL34|But you know, even if this rally is going to start to pick up up until the merger date is still going to be a case of, we are going to see a bit of a dip and we do see a big increase in my personal opinion.
NEUT35|So for that reason I would not be too concerned if this will most dip another day or two.
BULL36|But honestly, I think that after that, or at least at some point in the early part of this week, we are going to see this one start to flatten out hopefully and keep us on the flat or at least pause a little bit back on the growth towards the later part of the week, which will hopefully set us up for a great position into the next week.
BULL37|And of course hopefully set us on the track for that decent growth that we want to see leading up until the merger.
NEUT38|So definitely going to hit over $20 in my personal opinion, premature pre merger and of course at that merger date.
NEUT39|Who knows, we could be touching 25 or 30, but obviously the next few weeks.
NEUT40|All quite crucial when we looking into this stocks.
NEUT41|"Of course, if it wasn't this episode goes, please leave a like and subscribe and I'll see in the next one goodbye till then."""
