NEUT0|"""But I mean really, not just rivian, but that whole EV space, just on a tear."
NEUT1|Recently in the stock market.
NEUT2|What's going on?
NEUT3|Yeah, I mean today's driver was a note from Wedbush analyst Dan Ives who raised his bull case price target on Tesla to $1000 and he's calling this an inflection point for EV demand.
BULL4|He sees EV demand really taking off over the next 18 months to two years, hitting 10% of new passenger car sales by around 2025.
NEUT5|But what's so interesting?
NEUT6|You know, think about the big picture here.
NEUT7|You see on your screen there where we are, the blue bars are battery electric vehicle sales.
NEUT8|They are a tiny proportion of all the cars sold all around the world.
NEUT9|And it's not until 2040 that you see battery electric vehicles becoming 50% of new vehicle sales globally.
NEUT10|So we have a long way still to go.
NEUT11|That's Bloomberg New Energy Finance data that we're looking at there.
BULL12|But what we're seeing now is some optimism, some enthusiasm, and a change of psychology from investors who are not just looking at Tesla, the market incumbent, the market leader, but looking at these other startups and legacy players like General Motors and Ford, and thinking that this is a good bet to make that they are making progress on electrification.
BULL13|And that they are addressing demand that is out there with new vehicles.
NEUT14|You know, it's interesting when you talk about pickup trucks.
NEUT15|We think of them as a higher margin, bigger business, maybe something that differentiates itself from a Tesla.
NEUT16|What is an EV pickup truck mean to you?
NEUT17|Yeah, it's really interesting, because here in America there is a clear preference for the pickup truck or bigger vehicles is about 80% of vehicle sales in the US.
NEUT18|But what's incredible if you look across the models out there, particularly Tesla, but others like the Nissan Leaf, the Chevy Bolt, great cars, but they're not in line with the types of cars that Americans like to drive and Americans like to buy.
NEUT19|And it's always puzzled me why there are not more bigger battery electric vehicles.
NEUT20|And now in 2021 onwards you see the likes of Ford likes of General Motors, Rivian who I spoke to then bringing electric pickup trucks to market.
NEUT21|And if you look at Wall Street notes out there in covering this space, you see some of the names there.
NEUT22|They think that two will be a driver of consumer demand for these products.
NEUT23|I always talk about price parity, but it's also about performance.
NEUT24|Can your electric vehicle do the same thing that the gas equivalent that you've owned previously can do?
BULL25|And until that's the case, I don't think we'll see as much TV did option, particularly here in the US, which has lagged behind other markets like China and Europe in terms of electrification.
NEUT26|And we only have about a minute left, and I think what struck me is earlier, you're talking about Dan Ives of Wedbush.
BULL27|An the price target upgrade from Tesla you said $1000 and it just struck me.
NEUT28|This is on the post stock split Tesla I mean so pre stock split this is a huge call.
NEUT29|How do you think about what is really driving these further upgrades that we continue to see?
NEUT30|Yeah, I mean Tesla may deliver 500,000 vehicles this year.
NEUT31|By comparison, Toyota and VW will do 10 million cars apiece, admittedly not electric.
NEUT32|I know Morgan Stanley now is looking beyond the vehicle and they're looking at the kind of margins and top line growth that Tesla could see in software, for example, which is an area where they might lead in terms of Robo taxis and over the air updates.
NEUT33|We know that other automakers are looking at that space as well, but in the future there's all these other products that come along with electrification that come with the increased computing capabilities of these cars.
NEUT34|"And there's a lot of valuated, a lot in the valuation that investors are assigning companies like Tesla that goes just beyond producing four cars with four wheels that drive using a battery electric powertrain."""
