BULL0|"""So there does seem to be a widening gap."
NEUT1|Or you know, big gap between what the urapar is doing and what the US are doing.
NEUT2|Europe seems to be more focused like the UK on giving money back to or.
NEUT3|Or you know, helping firms and keeping jobs.
NEUT4|the US is on this like cash handout to households.
NEUT5|What's the thinking?
NEUT6|What works best?
NEUT7|So there we have to remember that the starting point for the two systems is very different and that the social safety net in Europe is a much better social safety net that will support support people in the US it's necessary to be supposed supportive of of people and supportive of firms.
NEUT8|So we look at the package.
NEUT9|There is 300 billion out of the fiscal package that is directed towards non corporate types of firms, ones that are credit oriented ones that have very little maybe one month worth of cash buffer and so to keep those firms going is critical because of course they also are employed half the workforce.
NEUT10|So so you need to have those firms supported at 300 billion in the fiscal package is designed to do that.
NEUT11|And there is an additional package that the Federal Reserve has for direct lending, so it's the, you know, it's not that we're not taking account of those 50%.
NEUT12|I wish there was a little bit more.
NEUT13|I wish that there is a better strategy to get money to the small business and to their workers, because I'm concerned that that the timing that this isn't going to come in time.
NEUT14|As I say, those firms have at most a month cash buffer were already for a lot of those companies were already 2 weeks into this, they were already.
NEUT15|Required to close as part of the achieving social distancing in the in the cities and so you know you've already run through an awful lot of that cash buffer and there was, you know, if you didn't know that you were going to be able to go to your bank and get an extension of credit to to have for parents on your on your rent.
NEUT16|If you didn't know that you would have already closed your doors.
BEAR17|So that is a big concern and I think we already see that of course the consequences of that in the jobless claims.
NEUT18|So so it's really important to move fast on this.
NEUT19|Move fast on this for the 50% of the economy that does not have a corporate label on it.
BEAR20|Yeah, the part in Europe that I'm worried about Catherine Economists Nation lack of coordination in Europe is what I worry about.
BULL21|Do you think we'll see more coordination?
NEUT22|Are we ever going to see you know the Corona bonds that that seemed to have been rejected yesterday?
NEUT23|You know there's always been a search for finding a strategy to achieve a coordinated strategy.
NEUT24|A supranational bond within Europe.
NEUT25|I thought before the coronavirus hit that the strategy would be to have issue of green bonds to support investments in climate change, and I thought that that would be an Ave through which we might get some coordinated bond issuance in Europe.
NEUT26|I do think that there is a. I think it's really important for Europe to have.
NEUT27|A coordinated strategy, whether it's the national governments agreeing to collectively pursue a strategy both individually and then, collectively, they've got to have the language that it is important in Europe to have a collective strategy.
NEUT28|That language has to be part of what we're talking about now.
BEAR29|They cannot continue to be squabbling that that the recipe for Europe of squabbling is a disastrous recession.
BEAR30|"Disastrous recession."""
