BEAR0|"""Reddit users have been driving Wall Street crazy investing in certain stocks like game stock to force up the price."
BEAR1|Several days of overheated trading activity prompted the Investor app called Robin Hood to suddenly restrict some trades.
BULL2|Outraging retail at home by phone investors.
NEUT3|Robinhood now says it will allow limited trades tomorrow, it's confusing.
BULL4|To that end, we are so happy to welcome back Kara Swisher, veteran technology and business journalist contributing opinion writer over at the New York Times.
NEUT5|She also hosts the Times Opinion podcast Sway, where her recent guests have included, but are not limited to, Anna Wintour, Bryan Cranston and many more.
NEUT6|I also note she has spread out this way, hat swag to many people in the media.
NEUT7|I'm watching the Mail every day.
NEUT8|She also Co hosts a Vox Media podcast called Pivot With another good friend of this broadcast, Scott Galloway.
NEUT9|So Kara, I'm I'm so happy that it's you because this is this is more than a Davey and Goliath meet.
NEUT10|Cute yeah story.
NEUT11|This is more than just the little people rising up.
NEUT12|It's more complicated than that.
NEUT13|You explain tech to lay people for a living.
NEUT14|Please do that now for our audience.
NEUT15|What's going on here?
NEUT16|Where do you want to start Reddit?
NEUT17|Or if the Robin Hood app, there's two things that have been going on.
NEUT18|Robin Hood is becoming incredibly popular with young people, especially who started to use it for investing an.
NEUT19|And consider it sort of this idea of a democratization of investing.
BEAR20|They've gotten a lot of trouble.
BEAR21|I wrote a pretty tough calling on about six months ago, because, as you remember, a young man committed suicide, 'cause he thought his trades were wrong and there was a lot of issues around financial literacy that was going on with Robin Hood.
NEUT22|But nonetheless, people have been using it to do trades and to really engage in investing like anyone else.
NEUT23|And as most people know, most people don't have stock market portfolios.
NEUT24|Very rich people do, but most people haven't benefited.
NEUT25|From the run up and so they've been attracted to it and then you have read it where there's a lot of these boards.
NEUT26|Reddit is a I don't know what to call it.
NEUT27|It's a bulletin board site, essentially a little bit of a social media site, and it's been around forever and it's had all these different places where people have discussions and they've been doing a lot of financial ones on Reddit, and especially one that started to talk about this idea of pushing back at the hedge funds which had been shorting this games GameStop Company, which had been in distress.
BEAR28|Especially because of the pandemic and lots of other secular reasons, and so it was sort of a clash between the hedge funds which had been starting which were shorting the stock which were saying it was going to fail and they shorted it to an extent that it was 136% more and this group decided this was ridiculous.
NEUT29|There's been some Internet people involved in GameStop and thinking they can revive it so they were pushing back on the hedge funds and pushed back hard enough to knock them right over and take their money.
NEUT30|So there we have it.
NEUT31|Hey, thanks for watching our YouTube channel.
NEUT32|You should know that you can follow today's top stories and breaking news and catch up on your favorite MSNBC shows all in one place.
NEUT33|"Download the NBC News app today."""
