NEUT0|"""What reaction, then, are we seeing from Congress?"
NEUT1|Well, what's quite fascinating is that the calls for more regulation aren't called to protect retail investors from.
NEUT2|The heavy losses that you would expect if this situation turned an stocks like GameStop came back to earth, the regulation that they seem to be calling for is.
NEUT3|The kind of hedge fund short selling that Robin Hood investors.
BEAR4|Sorry excuse me that that GameStop investors say set this off in the 1st place.
BEAR5|The total reaction from Capitol Hill is that this is a problem of Wall Street.
NEUT6|It's a problem of the casino being favored in to the side of hedge funds, Wall Street banks and retail investors.
NEUT7|You know, always having a disadvantage.
NEUT8|The irony of that is that firms like Robin Hood, the regulators are saying look the reason why we had to stop this and slow this down is that if if that stock, GameStop and other stocks inevitably came back to Earth and crashed retail investors with the one where they would be the ones that would be hit particularly hard.
NEUT9|But lawmakers want this to continue.
NEUT10|They they think that that these retail investors should have been allowed to keep trading.
NEUT11|It's really quite an interesting story.
NEUT12|Ann and Jesse, where, then does the SEC come in?
NEUT13|Because we know how heavy handed they can be at times or or sometimes absent really in these conversations.
NEUT14|Well, the.
NEUT15|The big concern for the SEC is manipulation.
NEUT16|You know, were these coordinated attempts to drive the stock higher.
NEUT17|But the problem with that is you know most of the time when the SEC is pursuing investigations of manipulation, it's sort of the classic pump and dump scheme.
NEUT18|It's it's a group of investors getting together to drive the stock higher that they know is garbage with the intent of selling it.
NEUT19|When the dumb money comes in, there's no evidence that that's what's happened with GameStop, I mean.
NEUT20|By all accounts, the people who drove this stock up want to keep betting that it will go higher, so they're not trying to dump the shares.
BEAR21|It's very complicated situation.
NEUT22|For the SEC.
NEUT23|"You know if people are colluding with the belief that a stock should go higher and they want it to go higher and they want others to jump on board and drive it higher, that's not really the classic sort of situation that the SEC is dealt with, in which people are pumping up stocks and dumping them once the dumb money comes in."""
