NEUT0|"""In this overview will walk through our small cap growth investor model based on the method outlined and written about by Tom and David Gardner of The Motley Fool."
NEUT1|The key investing insight here for investors to understand is buying stocks of small growing companies with solid fundamentals.
BULL2|Presents a good way to find stocks with significant upside potential overtime.
NEUT3|Broadly speaking, the strategy seeks out stocks of small, fast growing concerns with solid fundamentals that trade at attractive valuations relative to their growth.
NEUT4|Rates will look at the details behind the model in a moment.
NEUT5|The source of the evidence behind the strategy for Lydia's model is based on the approach outlined in The Motley Fool Investment guide written by Tom and David Gardner, Co.
BULL6|Founders of The Motley Fool, The Motley Fool Stock Advisor newsletter, their flagship newsletter, launched in 2002, has handily outperformed the market in part by seeking out stocks of small growing companies.
BULL7|The investment thesis is this some of the most explosive performance can come from the small cap growth space.
NEUT8|By combining a series of valuation, profitability, momentum, an insider buying criteria, investors can uncover those small cap names.
BULL9|You have the qualities needed for strong future returns.
NEUT10|Let's look at the model in some detail.
NEUT11|Now the model has 17 distinct fundamental investment criteria, making it one of the more rigorous strategies in the political lineup.
BULL12|The model starts out by seeking firms that maintain healthy profit margins and that I've seen profit increases consistently over time.
NEUT13|Finding growing firms is a key aspect of the model.
NEUT14|To do this.
BULL15|Companies that score highest are smaller firms in terms of sales and their trading volumes, and also firms that are growing earnings in sales by at least 25% a year to try to uncover value.
NEUT16|Stocks are analyzed using the full ratio, which is also known as the PEG ratio or the PE to growth ratio.
NEUT17|This looks at a stock's PE relative to its earnings growth rate.
NEUT18|The lower the PEG, the better.
NEUT19|The next factor is strong momentum, which is determined using relative strength.
BULL20|Stocks with strong momentum are rewarded over those with low momentum.
NEUT21|"There are a number of other factors as well, including insider ownership, debt to equity receivable, and inventory account like metrics and more overall investors looking at investing in small cap growth stocks, but want to be sure they're analyzing stocks from multiple angles may consider elidia Smallcap growth investor model as a good starting point."""
