NEUT0|"""So we're going to talk a little bit about REITs now, because rates are the other big financial stock that pays out dividends."
NEUT1|And like we mentioned before, they are required by law to pay out 90% of their income in dividends.
NEUT2|Specifically, we're going to be talking about mortgage rates, which we will refer to as M rates, probably for the rest of the show.
NEUT3|'cause mortgage REITs is a little bit of mouthful.
NEUT4|Mortgage REIT.
NEUT5|They buy mortgage backed securities.
NEUT6|And they do you want to talk about this?
NEUT7|I'm sorry yeah, so so, haven't really is.
NEUT8|That's an acronym for Real Estate Investment Trust REI T and there.
NEUT9|What real estate investments are these are trusts like what you think about as a trust.
NEUT10|It's a legal entity that owns real estate related assets.
NEUT11|Well, Congress multiple decades ago sat back and said look, if we want to encourage investment in real estate and things like that, let's have these cysts.
NEUT12|Have these trust set up in a way that.
NEUT13|People can put money into them and that whatever money is earned from those will not be taxed at the corporate level, so long as not at least 90% of the taxable income automatically flows through to the shareholders via dividends, right?
NEUT14|And so that's where that high payout ratio that we talked about earlier comes in when mortgage rates are a very specific type of a real estate investment trust because as opposed to buying into real estate assets themselves, you know you're actually buying land or buildings.
NEUT15|They buy mortgage backed securities.
NEUT16|Anne Anne Anne more particularly more specifically, as a general rule, agency mortgage backed security.
NEUT17|So these are issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, and they're backed by the full faith and credit.
NEUT18|the United States government.
NEUT19|They're basically the same as buying Treasury certificates, and So what mortgage rates do is they will go out and borrow a whole bunch of money in the short term credit markets.
NEUT20|So your repo markets, commercial paper market stuff like that, where the interest rates are really low and then they'll invest that money into agency mortgage backed securities where the interest rates.
NEUT21|Are higher and then they they profit on the spread between the cost of funds and what they're yielding on their assets.
NEUT22|And so that's how mortgage rates make money and are able to have at least historically, have had such large dividends throughout the years, right?
NEUT23|I just want to put out a quick disclaimer before we go forward.
NEUT24|Emirates have made some people a lot of money in the last 10 years, but the wise investor is going to really want to take a good long hard look at any kind of Emory before buying stock.
NEUT25|It's already kind of a chancy area to invest in 'cause you're betting on the spread of interest rates.
NEUT26|And sometimes an Reit's business practices are not always on the up and up.
NEUT27|Specifically, you're definitely going to look at any emry that's buying.
NEUT28|Mortgage backed securities mortgage backed securities that are not agency secured.
NEUT29|"That's just super super risky."""
