BULL0|"""Well that is a big expectation."
BULL1|I think that at the minimum will see an increase in pet to the tune of 500 billion.
NEUT2|Today we have put forward slightly different idea, namely that the ECB should go for a flexible QE envelope and then depending on what the needs are at the time, they can spend spend this amount flexibly across time but also across purchase programs.
BEAR3|So in the current situation, as we are still in the second lock down in in several eurozone countries.
NEUT4|Most likely the ECB would therefore go or offer pad, but eventually, as we expect an economic resurrection around Easter, they would slowly start to revert purchases with the ATP.
NEUT5|So this is what we think is really important today to go big and bold.
NEUT6|Don't don't disappoint, market expectations here and the second point is to retain as much flexibility as possible because for the first time we're actually seeing.
BULL7|A glimmer of upside risk for 2021.
BULL8|That's something very knew given the breakthrough on the vaccine front, a Katarina aside from Pep, the Tel TRO program is also in focus today with many expecting them to adjust the terms of the telt rose being offered.
NEUT9|Do you see them going down this path and if so how much of a difference will that make in terms of filtering through and stimulating more lending into the real economy?
NEUT10|I think it's something that's also widely expected.
BEAR11|If the ECB doesn't deliver on that, it would be a disappointment.
NEUT12|And let's be clear here for the banking sector, the worst is still ahead.
BULL13|We may start to see an economic recovery from the second quarter of 2021 onwards, but for the banking sector, much of the impact is still to come.
BULL14|So as much policy support as possible would be very much welcomed.
NEUT15|And yes, the ECB is not in the driving seat here it is again up to fiscal policy.
NEUT16|Which these days seems to have to do everything.
NEUT17|But, you know, in the form of the state guaranteed loans, for instance, or it's up to regulators.
BULL18|But monetary policy can help on the margin, and that's what they should definitely do today, either by extending the duration of Tetra maturities or by increasing the discount.
NEUT19|"That's the period during which banks can receive the most favorable rate."""
