BULL0|"""Hey traders, investors, it's Surg burger here today we have to look at Facebook, Facebook of course just came up with great earnings for a great company that has a lot more potential grow in the coming years."
BEAR1|So I'm remaining very bullish on the company and its growth outlook.
NEUT2|But we do have to be able to distinguish between that and the more near term patterns of trend exhaustion in any given stock.
NEUT3|So let's look at this first of all as a reference point.
NEUT4|Last night made a public video on the stock.
NEUT5|He was April the 4th.
BEAR6|I'm linking to that video here and at the time I said this doc looks to be over overbought and it was due for a pullback down.
NEUT7|For a few bucks it did so more or less reach our price target there and now a new trade looks to be setting up.
NEUT8|So let's walk you through it.
NEUT9|First of all, very simply.
NEUT10|You can see after this most recent post post earnings rally will look at this more closely in just a second, but the big picture view you can see we very much are now at a point where stock is back up at this area of resistance.
NEUT11|What you tend to see and this is you can look through just about any chart of of most different asset classes.
NEUT12|When a stock typically breaks out of a an already fairly orderly or steep incline like this to the upside, ultimately does tend to mean very quickly.
NEUT13|So even if Facebook rallies from here on a little bit more and breaks out of this out of this line of resistance or the upper end of the channel, I should say even then, that the odds are very high that it will start coming back in again and meaner vert.
NEUT14|So to me, chasing this doc here, unless you have a real real quick quick time frame has very low probability just from that.
NEUT15|Fact alone from a momentum perspective, we have to wait for the momentum oscillators to catch up with price here over the next couple days or two.
BEAR16|But here too I would suspect these to start moving up and become somewhat overbought.
BEAR17|Let's look at the near term where the picture isn't as clear, which is exactly why we need to have that longer term view for reference point, but what you can see here that the stock is getting overextended again back above its 258 moving averages.
NEUT18|And and basically is actually now working on at this lateral breakout.
NEUT19|So from that perspective again this could be very bullish.
NEUT20|But if you consider what I just showed you before, if you consider the big picture that most technology stocks are going away, it's somewhat difficult to see this stock breakout to a new momentum high.
NEUT21|That's really the call here.
NEUT22|The call isn't necessarily.
NEUT23|The stock can't remain here, or maybe even move a little bit higher.
BEAR24|I have a very difficult time matching his tax going to make a new momentum.
NEUT25|Break out here above this line of resistance that orders the upper end of this trading range of this channel.
BEAR26|I should say that I discussed for the very reasons that again we are very much at the upper end, and even if we do see an over extension rally blowout rally, the odds are quite high that will see Gravity store coming to work and putting the stock lower.
NEUT27|So it's not necessarily short Facebook, but I think the upside here is quite cap through a multi week multi month lengths so that's a little perspective on Facebook guys please like the video.
NEUT28|Your huge favor.
NEUT29|He could like my video, so give us a like it's how move on YouTube ranks.
NEUT30|So if you got any questions that you can leave any comments down below, be happy to answer those.
NEUT31|"And I will see you guys in the next video."""
