NEUT0|"""Time, now let's talk currencies with Trish Lewis, who joins me from the Singapore Newsroom."
NEUT1|Pretty much the same story in the forex market as well.
NEUT2|Trish, I mean blood bath of an idea and what Asian currencies are also weaker this morning?
BEAR3|Taking a very big beating has other hemorrhagic.
BULL4|Continuing this morning, as Asian currencies trading picks up speed among the ones that are most badly battered.
NEUT5|Of course, at a Korean one, and of course the high yielders as well at the Kiwi in Australian dollar.
NEUT6|Now Asian currencies were already you turning in late Asian afternoon early European dealings yesterday on the World Bank report are simply because it comes just a day after the IMF outlook is almost the complete opposite of what they see the global situation.
NEUT7|Of how the state of global situations and sports recovery is concerned.
NEUT8|Now the divergent views just goes to show how split and confused the global markets and global institutions are on this unprecedented challenge that the world is facing for Asian markets.
BEAR9|Certainly more losses are expected and public.
NEUT10|Probably a steep one as well to traders will be watching very closely to ADX.
NEUT11|Why the Asian Dollar Index 'cause that broking is almost about to break the 50 day moving average?
NEUT12|And if it does so, it will be the first time that.
BEAR13|The index has traded below the 50 day moving average since early March, before the whole rally began market working very closely on stock flows, which surprisingly yesterday we still saw net inflows into most parts of Asia.
BEAR14|But of course that is expected to reverse today and with Brazil technically now in a bear market with a 20% pullback from its high SNP 500, also breaking the 200 day moving average, traders are expecting what it's going to be a very steep correction in Asian stocks is gonna be profit taking their say, but it's going to sleep.
NEUT15|Because most of them are almost 50% on the year.
BULL16|In some cases the vulnerable ones will be looking at China and India because they've rallied considerably this year.
NEUT17|Yet the bricks play.
NEUT18|Of course, Asian currencies definitely could be watching very closely for agent central banks.
NEUT19|There's certainly going out in full force this morning to be intervening to smooth.
BEAR20|The volatility has.
BULL21|"OK, Trish, thanks so much for that."""
