NEUT0|"""Let's start with your news of the day."
NEUT1|You raise your guidance for the full year now because of your RAM, dass of your sales.
NEUT2|Looking at now $2.83 billion.
NEUT3|Tell us about this guidance raise and and unfortunately, I'm afraid what it means for the path of the pandemic so far.
NEUT4|Yeah, that's right Meg.
NEUT5|So I mean, obviously revenues are important.
NEUT6|We've invested a lot in run, disappear, and will continue to invest in REM disappear.
NEUT7|But I think the really important news here is the impact for patients and hospital systems, so we know obviously that hospitalizations have quadrupled since October, and we're just learning now that one out of every two patients in the hospital or receiving REM des Aveer, which is really important because, you know, that reduces the hospital stays by up to a week.
BULL8|It also reduces the chances of patients going on to more severe illness and dying by 70% of his given early in the hospital, so these are really important benefits for patients.
BULL9|And really, I know the colleagues and I had ghillie outta very pleased that this is one piece of the puzzle, and helping with the pandemic.
BEAR10|And we're certainly not done.
BULL11|We're continuing to invest in Ram Desadier earlier in the lines of therapy and in combination with other medicines to help patients in the health care systems.
NEUT12|Tell us about what data we should be expecting next and when an also the inhalable form of Ramdev severe is that still a priority for you guys?
NEUT13|And when should we expect to hear about those data?
NEUT14|Right, well we have 40 ongoing clinical trials right now, with Ramdev severe an as you know, Ramdev severe stops the replication of the virus so it's most effective if it's given even earlier in the course of hospitalization and illness.
NEUT15|So we have studies right now looking at could we even take this medicine outside the hospital in an outpatient setting with three Ivy infusions or with an inhaled version?
NEUT16|Will expect to see data on that in the coming months in 2021.
NEUT17|But also later in the stage of the disease, where we know the inflammatory process actually creates bigger issues for patients.
NEUT18|You know, we know today that you know in the hospital room disappear is being used in combination for those later stage patients with dexamethasone steroid and we're looking at combinations also with the antibody Medecins to find the best way to improve the outcome for patients.
NEUT19|So all of those 40 trials are ongoing and you're going to see a lot of that coming now in 2021.
BULL20|We're firmly committed, we understand.
NEUT21|I mean, the burden this pandemic is causing to society to patients and their families and our scientists in Tema, guilliod and frankly, the industry.
BULL22|I've been so impressed by the industry.
BULL23|Response here with vaccines and therapeutics all coming together to end this pandemic.
NEUT24|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT25|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
