NEUT0|"""By the way, thanks for watching this quick video on Adams or Adams Pharmaceuticals Corporation in front of us."
NEUT1|It is a little bit of technical analysis and fundamental analysis there, so both of them.
NEUT2|Let's try to combine both of them and see if we can predict the next step of these stock in front of us.
NEUT3|There is one hour candle stick.
NEUT4|This is sorry this is 15 minutes candle stick nor one hour because it has been.
NEUT5|Since the 20th of January, there's been.
NEUT6|This market has been very volatile and this joint is talk becomes more volatile volatile.
NEUT7|It grabs the attention of a lot of traders and investors.
NEUT8|We are a little bit late with this stock because actually it's kind of complicated, but we should.
NEUT9|We were supposed to get into it a couple weeks ago when the shares were almost all .5 U.S. dollar and now they are they are they are they are already up four times its previous value so we are not saving around 2 U.S. dollar in particular we are 1.8 U.S. dollar right now so.
NEUT10|Starting from this point that we are a little bit late to go long in this talk, but I believe there are still opportunities to go along to go up as those.
NEUT11|There are those caps they you know the gifts, this caps, they just gives strength to the market and so based on let's say those cap and those fundamental news and this new bullish trend bullish market idea is to go long.
NEUT12|So in conclusion, mainly based on some signals.
NEUT13|Even by technical analysis and the bike for the mental analysis for today are on the same page, idea is to go long the stochastic as well.
BULL14|It seems ready to go up again.
BULL15|It has tested the support level of 1.7 U.S. dollar and the idea is to go long.
NEUT16|So because this one is a 15 minutes chart, as soon as we start we will reopen the market tomorrow.
NEUT17|Let's see what's gonna happen and if for what list one day or would be better.
NEUT18|For me, for the next two days, so this talk will not.
NEUT19|We will close always a bore 1.7 U.S. dollar idea is to go long.
NEUT20|Assuming that this support level worked Pro is probably support level, but if this 1.7 U.S. dollar.
NEUT21|Will be broken in the next days.
NEUT22|It means that the stock my keep going down, completing its price retracement up to the support level of 1.5 U.S. dollar before going long again.
NEUT23|So in conclusion, based on fundamental analysis that is right there that the fundamental news very positive news because they've got approval, they can start study these new drugs or this new drug is 1 drug that cane.
NEUT24|Be used for treatment and the provision of COVID-19, so this is the good news around it that is pushed up this stock up now based on fundamental and technical analysis.
NEUT25|Both of them are suggesting that idea is to go long.
NEUT26|So idea is to go along with target price of approximately or 2.5 two point 5 U.S. dollar.
NEUT27|Only if that support level of 1.7 U.S. dollar would not be broken in the next days or otherwise just wait the end of this price retracement before going long again.
BULL28|Overall again is a bullish markets overall is just a long way to the right signal to go long.
NEUT29|"Thanks bye."""
