BULL0|"""We have done a few segments on reopening and the rally that we've seen American Airlines, Royal Caribbean Marriott Wynn Resorts lift just some of the names that are up double digits over the past month."
NEUT1|Danise from Wedbush Securities is here Dan we the segment we did yesterday was have the moves already been made in or the valuation is reopening already reflected in some of these you're adding lift to your list of stocks that this morning for Wedbush.
NEUT2|Best idea so I guess it's not, you know.
NEUT3|You got to pick and choose which ones might still move, but is it long in the tooth in your view?
NEUT4|I think we only have halfway through it.
BULL5|I mean, in terms especially in ride sharing OK, Lyft and Uber, and these are almost poster child for the reopening trade, and I think we're starting to see you're seeing more profitable business models on the other side, I look at Lyft.
BEAR6|I mean, this could ultimately be up 3040% going into next 6-9 months, which is why we're putting on best Ideas list, and I think for investors you have an offensive playbook contact within a reopening and that's why I posted Childs here.
NEUT7|Whiffed an Uber.
NEUT8|You know, in terms of playing this trade, what else?
NEUT9|Yeah, but what I love on reopening special so some of the auto players you know.
NEUT10|I think you're gonna start to see more and more purchases in terms of the cycle going to next year.
NEUT11|I think GM's in the in that starts to get re rated not just 'cause the EV but on the reopening side and I think what you're starting to see you we Stantec more spending more cap ex that's bullish on the digital transformation.
NEUT12|That's the names like Microsoft and some of these other plays that I think go into that even though many view it.
NEUT13|As sort of that trades over, I think it's just beginning in terms of just more and more of a reopening that we're seeing across the tech ecosystem button.
NEUT14|There a flip side to reopening for some companies that benefited from people staying at home.
BEAR15|Therefore they won't do as well.
NEUT16|If you thought of the flip side of this.
NEUT17|Yeah, I think there's a bit of a misnomer.
NEUT18|Of course.
NEUT19|Zoom he had slacks, Citrix, some other names that that work, or on these are ultimately were really guys for the last year and those are will see when moderated growth but I think overall in terms of cloud, cybersecurity and what we're seeing in terms of digital transformation will only a third of the way through that, and I think we have more and more of a hybrid model and that's why you look at names like zieske Hour on cybersecurity names like Palo Alto.
NEUT20|And then ultimately names like Salesforce.com.
NEUT21|That's going to continue to be there, although names like Zoom and others will clearly see moderate growth as more of these reopening trade starts to take hold macro, you're not worried that we're going to run too hot with all this stimulus, and with an economy already in gear, I mean macro.
NEUT22|Should we be worried about reopening?
NEUT23|But I can tell you from the actual could tell you from talking to seat years and all the checks that we do.
NEUT24|You know we're just seeing more and more spending in terms IT budget, so I think that's bullish for tact.
NEUT25|I think you're starting to see some of these reopening names like Lyft and Uber, and I think we're still in a re rating story in terms of tax, so I believe tech stocks will be seeing NASDAQ 16,000 by the end of the year in terms of everything that we're starting to see in terms of checks and just better spending.
NEUT26|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT27|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
