NEUT0|"""At this video chart on Facebook ticker symbol FB, we will take a look at the daily time frame."
NEUT1|Like to do this one every once in awhile, just 'cause it's such a popular site in the stock has been doing extremely well and I've actually got quite a few just questions on an request they do you ever look at the Facebook chart?
NEUT2|So I just want to talk about it real quick.
NEUT3|First thing that really sticks out to me is today's candle, which is suggesting some sort of pullback now will pull back is not the same thing as a reversal or anything like that, and the chart has had many pullbacks and they've proven to be healthy.
NEUT4|You know, here's a little pullback there before it went to new highs and then you can see.
NEUT5|Many little intermediate pullbacks before the you know the stock went up to new highs again, so by no means am I saying that a pullback means that it's going to totally fall apart or anything like that.
BEAR6|But looking at today's candle, I would say that if I was forced into a corner, I would definitely expect a pullback.
BEAR7|To arise, so were some potential bounce spots at the pullback.
NEUT8|Well, the first one would be right up here where it would close this gap, which is at 4760.
NEUT9|So that will be a potential bounce point or support area, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT10|Another one would be.
NEUT11|Down in this area here where there is a bunch of you can see this area acted as resistance for quite awhile.
NEUT12|But then Whoops, let's try that again, but then when the price did break above it back on the 19th, you can see it exploded up there nicely.
NEUT13|So we'll call this level 4550.
NEUT14|So again, our first level of potential support is 4760, next one down here at 4550.
NEUT15|And then after that I would use this Gray line here, which is the 20 day simple moving average as a guide for the potential levels of support.
NEUT16|You can see.
NEUT17|Well, let's see one is the last time it was actually even tested.
NEUT18|So way down here was the last time I tested, you know, well after this or well before this gap up here so.
NEUT19|Given the way that the chart has been moving, it doesn't look like there's any sort of, you know, test of this coming anytime soon.
NEUT20|But again, whenever you see candles like this, it does make me skeptical and kind of remind.
NEUT21|You remind me to put on the brakes a little bit and just kind of a friendly reminder that no stock can always go straight up.
NEUT22|There's always going to be pullbacks as far as resistance goes.
NEUT23|You know this the charts at all new time highs so you don't have any previous history you can use.
NEUT24|So this I was at 4966, so that's going to be the current level of resistance.
BULL25|That you'll need to breakthrough in order to get back up into Blue Sky breakout territory.
NEUT26|So if there are any other questions on the chart, please let me know.
NEUT27|If you enjoy the video and want to learn more about charting and how to use it in your strategy as a trader, I'd encourage you to click below and look at our educational course over 8 1/2 hours of video and teaching.
NEUT28|It's been getting great third party reviews and testimonials, so I encourage you to make an investment yourself as a trader and into your education and check it out and give it a try one more times was ticker symbol, FB, Facebook.
BULL29|"Thanks for listening."""
