NEUT0|"""In this video tutorial, I'm going to show you how to calculate the coefficient of variation by using Microsoft Excel."
NEUT1|So in this example data I have the concentration readings of a protein known as protein X and I have read this protein from an assay three different times and these readings are simply concentrations given in picograms per milliliter.
NEUT2|The coefficient of variation is value used to reflect the precision of an essay.
NEUT3|In other words, how repeatable is that essay at producing those results, and this coefficient of variation, otherwise known as CV, is usually presented as a percentage value, not calculate the CV.
NEUT4|You need two things, you need the mean or the average of the readings that you're interesting and you also need the standard deviation of these values as well.
NEUT5|So firstly, I'm going to start off by calculating the mean value.
NEUT6|In next I'm going to type in equals and then I'm going to type in average [and then I'm going to click and drag the readings that I'm interested in.
NEUT7|So this is the readings the three different meetings from my same sample, close the bracket and then press the return key.
NEUT8|Then in the SD cell I'm going to calculate the standard deviation for these three different readings.
NEUT9|To do this, I'm going to again click on the empty cell and type equals STDV [click and drag the readings that you're interested in.
NEUT10|Close the bracket and then press enter.
NEUT11|Now the formula to calculate the coefficient of variation is the standard deviation divided by the mean multiplied by 100.
NEUT12|So let's calculate the CV percentage I'm going to click on this empty cell and type in equals [and I'm going to click on the Evening Standard deviation value.
NEUT13|Divided by the mean value.
NEUT14|Close the bracket because this is what you want to do first and then multiply everything by 100 because we want to display the CV as a percentage value.
NEUT15|Then press the return key so you can see that the coefficient of variation for this sample in this particular assay is 1.616%.
NEUT16|"So that is how you can calculate the coefficient of variation by using Microsoft Excel."""
