BULL0|"""Welcome back today."
NEUT1|We're going to do some technical analysis for the cryptocurrency Cody, and I'm just going to kind of give some of my thoughts and update based off of my prior TI a video from a couple days back.
BULL2|So if you go back and watch that a couple of the spots that I had been outlining was as far as support goes, I wanted to see that 37 and a half to like 38 cent level hold which is held on this red candle and it helped today as well.
NEUT3|And if you look back this was kind of a trend line that we had drawn out.
BULL4|It's starting to break above that with some increasing volume and at this point.
BULL5|It's looking like it just might close above that like 43 to 43 and a half cent mark.
NEUT6|Being that it is right around that 44 cent level.
NEUT7|So if that does happen on the daily, a couple of things I would want to see happen now as far as support goes is I'd want to see this one, you know, start to potentially have another green candle and stay above this rising trend line.
BULL8|I think the next key spot to break and this is going to be definitely a big spot.
NEUT9|That would probably send it back to 50 Plus is going to be right in here around that.
NEUT10|46 1/2 to 47 cent Mark.
BEAR11|If that level starts to break I could see this one retesting the highs.
NEUT12|About 50 to 51 cents.
NEUT13|Breaking hold of that and this one is likely going back to its previous highs, which I will update on another video.
NEUT14|If that starts to happen.
BULL15|But what I what I want to see just on this one is I want to see a strong close above that like 43 and a half 44 ish sent level and I want to see some continuation in some follow through through this 46 and a half cent mark.
NEUT16|That's what's going to turn this one bullish as far as support goes.
BEAR17|At this point, I think if it starts to lose this trend line.
NEUT18|It'll very likely retest this like 37 and a half cent level and then below that is going back down to the low 30s in my opinion, so I'd say the trendline potentially like $0.40 and then about 37 and a half cents.
NEUT19|Those are the supports that you're going to see hold, but what you really want to see for this chart to be relatively constructive at this point is some follow through another decent.
BULL20|Another decent green candle with some volume even bigger than this one will probably spark this one for a pretty nice move, especially if it can break and hold these highs around 51 and a half cents.
NEUT21|So as always at this video provided value to you, go ahead and write, comment, subscribe and share.
NEUT22|I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT23|This video is not financial advice for going to do any investing will go speak to a certified financial advisor.
BULL24|"Alright, thanks for watching everyone."""
