NEUT0|"""Giacomo speaking, thanks for watching this quick video on Invesco Doublecut Tribe tribal Q Trust so this one is one of the most traded trust that follows the NASDAQ 100 index."
NEUT1|Or, rather than investing in this index with the 100 biggest company in the US, large actual, international and U.S. companies, not just in the US.
NEUT2|But if you want if you would like to know more news about this NASDAQ 100, just Google it off.
NEUT3|Just go on Yahoo Finance and you can read it about it.
NEUT4|But the point is that this talk this this trust that full of stuff.
NEUT5|NASDAQ 100 means that if you open announced at 500 this is saving the price of NASDAQ fell under will leave the same behavior of this index is that it's been moving sideways in a sorry bullish way.
NEUT6|An actor in the condition.
BULL7|And since since the middle of March, so because this stock has been performing very well during the coronavirus idea, is that will keep going up and we need we should invest in the trend direction.
NEUT8|So there is not a lot to say about it because it's a very clear trend.
BULL9|Very clear uptrend market end with this and exponential moving average of 200 we can see that it worked properly very well to find the support for the new rallies.
NEUT10|We work at the many times at least and run is being tested already 12345 times, so it's very strong.
NEUT11|But then the line is been in place for the last 4-5 months, so the idea is that this price find go down again to.
NEUT12|Taste the tenant before going up again, so perhaps in the short term that is my go down a little bit before going up again, and so because we are in this situation right now, that is too old.
NEUT13|Before going along, let's see what's gonna happen next days around this if there will be this replacement price or not.
NEUT14|A bad idea is to go longer and before going long I will do at the end of this set price set back.
NEUT15|This is mainly based on technical analysis as we can see well define bullish market well defined.
NEUT16|Uptrend without my taking analysis interpretation.
NEUT17|This is how those prices look like and out exponential moving average helps us to find the trained in this bullish trend after and ideas that this new because being formed it can go down before going up again.
NEUT18|Or perhaps you can keep going up, just forming and just keep for the.
NEUT19|Just keep forming the peak.
NEUT20|So because anyway the idea is that this market is a bullish market is bullish market.
NEUT21|The district base to go long.
NEUT22|I just wait that I tend to go longer than that.
NEUT23|Time can be seen when the prices go down up to almost this level of $260.00 before going long again.
NEUT24|That's all from my side.
NEUT25|"This is my interpretation of this distrust and thanks for watching this video by."""
