BULL0|"""Well shut because privacy has been a really touchy subject for the tech Giants over the last few years, and Google is determined to prove that it is on the side of consumers."
NEUT1|Last year, Google announced plans to phase out browser cookies.
NEUT2|Those are small pieces of code that follow you around the Internet and can be sold to advertisers for better targeting.
NEUT3|Kind of like if you Google treadmills and suddenly ads for pelotons start popping up on every other site that you visit.
NEUT4|Well today Google took that idea a step further and said that it would not use.
NEUT5|Other invasive ways to track and target users as it phases out.
NEUT6|Those third party cookies.
NEUT7|Instead, it will rely on anonymized and aggregated data using a program that it is developing internally called Privacy sandbox.
BEAR8|Now the commitment can also been seen as distancing itself from other tech Giants like Facebook which is locked in a very high profile battle with Apple to keep its ability to track and target consumers.
NEUT9|There are, however, skeptics.
NEUT10|Digital advertising still makes up the majority of Google revenue.
NEUT11|Anne, finding alternative ways to deliver effective advertising will be a challenge and, importantly, keep in mind here at the commitment applies to third party cookies.
NEUT12|What Google can sell to other advertisers.
NEUT13|But CEO of ad tech firm Steelhouse Mark Douglas tells me that between its Chrome browsers and Android operating system, Google still has first party cookies on nearly every computing device in the world.
NEUT14|So he says Google is essentially restricting competitors, but not themselves.
BULL15|So as regulatory pressures increase around the world, Google is trying to send a message here that they support a privacy first web shop.
NEUT16|Whether we actually get that that remains to be seen back to you.
NEUT17|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT18|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
