BULL0|"""Singapore still looks to be in a fairly good position to to provide more stimulus, and leaders actually been one of the countries that has really put the foot on the fiscal pedal on this year."
NEUT1|And we don't think they're really going to take that that fiscal stimulus away anytime soon, particularly given the risk that we're seeing there are other countries.
BEAR2|Those that are sort of struggling for fiscal room in particular.
BULL3|We see that, for example, Malaysia, the fact that they've already had their their debt increased significantly this year.
NEUT4|Whether or not this could actually, if they continue to provide it ongoing physical support.
BEAR5|If that would actually see foreign investors get a little bit worried and in terms of credit rating downgrades.
BULL6|So Singapore is definitely one country that we see that has said about fiscal space to out of all of the countries to provide more rooms.
BULL7|In support, your thoughts too on China, which has been really the out performer in the region and we continue to see some encouraging data points coming out of China.
NEUT8|But when you're talking about a growth rate this year, around 1.8%.
NEUT9|I mean, there's just such a dramatic change from what we've seen in prior years, and that has implications for the entire region, of course.
NEUT10|So as we look ahead, how strong do you think the rebound could be in 2021?
BULL11|Now we're looking for something closer to 7.6% next year, so it with your right we are seeing encouraging signs.
BULL12|We've seen exports continue to improve and actually outperforming not in numerous countries in the region, partly because they're ahead and Kings will contain the virus.
BEAR13|They had some strong the the big drop in Q1, but also there we go.
BULL14|Ongoing fiscal support probably a little bit less on the monetary policy side, but they definitely want to see you know, domestic demand continuing to improve, and at lager that we've seen in consumption should actually provide.
BULL15|You know, continue to recover, providing great support both of them for for actually import demand in the region more generally next year.
NEUT16|And as always there, Sean.
NEUT17|I mean there is a balancing act that has to be conducted in China and other economies in between, reflecting the economy, providing more support and making sure the debt risks don't get out of control.
NEUT18|Do you think they have a good handle on this?
NEUT19|At the moment?
NEUT20|Currently, while we're actually thinking that we're not going to see much more of auditory policy side in terms of credit cards, that was, you know, there are definitely things that the recovery domestic demand is picking up, so they're probably not going to be going to become more confident of the risks of leverage.
NEUT21|Going forward it again.
NEUT22|Just going to be making sure there's liquidity in the market and that the recovery is ongoing.
NEUT23|Of course, there's you know wide range of risk.
NEUT24|We still haven't got a vaccine as yet, and I mean even with the vaccine it being distributed.
BEAR25|"So maybe the external backdrop remains quite challenging."""
