NEUT0|"""My guess is one of the reason the markets up right now is because of all the month and rebalancing that the markets front running it sees."
NEUT1|The fact that they're going to be a lot of equities to buy and that's one reason I.
BULL2|My guess is will stay firm and a month in and then we're going to be challenging.
NEUT3|April we're going to be challenges.
NEUT4|We go through the epicenter.
NEUT5|The peak of the epidemic curve.
BULL6|So I think that that could bring us to a retest.
BEAR7|It might even bring us to a fractional new low, but I do think the stock market is going to find a bottom once we get the peak in the epidemic curve, no doubt.
BULL8|My mind the stock market will rally and it should rally and my guess is will be higher three or four months from now.
BEAR9|Five months from now, then lower than where we are right now.
NEUT10|What happens after that is highly dependent upon our ability to get back to work.
BULL11|Our ability to resume normal functioning an is really interesting.
NEUT12|You've got this dynamic tension you've got.
NEUT13|People such as myself in the economic field thinking about getting back to work, thinking about resuming normal activity, and you've got people in the medical profession who can only see the problems that they're dealing with and my God again, my heart goes out to him 'cause they're dealing with these huge problems, but I can tell you from an economic standpoint, the risk that we have if we don't.
NEUT14|Again, each of us individually begin to think about how we're going to get back to work, how we're going.
NEUT15|To deal with the new normal, if we don't begin today, not get paralyzed by the next, take two weeks and think about how we're going to resume a normal life on the back end of this epidemic curve.
NEUT16|We're all making a big mistake, so we've got to look through these numbers.
NEUT17|Look through the tragedy the next two weeks.
NEUT18|Think about how we're going to restart our lives.
NEUT19|"Think about how we're going to deal with the new normal, and think about how we're going to restart America."""
