NEUT0|"""So I think Dan Loeb is one of these hedge fund managers who has been kind of lamenting the ability for value investors to do their jobs over the last few years or so, and this seems like in March there was really an opportunity for him to get into what he calls according to the letter quality companies or compounders."
NEUT1|These are companies with good free cash flow, predictable businesses, but he's been, you know, pretty much avoiding these types of companies because they've been, you know, the valuations have been in the stratosphere over the last few years, so he saw March.
BULL2|As an ideal entry point for these, and he was able to ride a lot of them to the upside throughout the quarter.
NEUT3|What's really, I'm looking at the Amazon commentary Leslie in the note an he like so many others over the years have looked at at Amazon from a distance if you will, as an obvious admirer of the business itself.
NEUT4|But couldn't necessarily get their arms as an investor around the valuation, and then finally just stopped looking at it and went and bought it.
NEUT5|I've had that instance, of course, with members of our own investment committee says, historically, Amazon was a company we admired that traded outside our valuation range, but in March they initiated.
BEAR6|This is not a small position, by the way, we initiated a 5% position and all those shares were flat on the year we believe they were significantly undervalued due to the acceleration of the adoption of E Commerce and cloud computing.
NEUT7|During the pandemic, just put you inside the mindset of who someone who's been an incredibly great investor over the last decade at least.
NEUT8|Yeah, I think the Amazon story is similar with all of his new positions he it's clear that he really took a step back end of February early March.
NEUT9|Looked at how this pandemic was reshaping the economy and said what types of types of stocks can I belong that can really benefit from this complete transformation.
BULL10|This move toward digital Amazon's a great example of that because as he says in the letter, it's benefiting both from the E Commerce side as well as the adoption.
BEAR11|Tored the cloud as more people are working from home.
BULL12|Obviously Disney he looked at that and said, OK, this is a great way for the company to really accelerate its direct to consumer offering and he said that he really liked the idea of what they were doing with Mulan.
NEUT13|He also took steaks and some Chinese e-commerce companies, Alibaba and jd.com.
BEAR14|He said that those those stocks really took a pullback over jitters surrounding China's relationship with Hong Kong.
BULL15|But he sees them poised to benefit from some of this acceleration toward ecommerce.
NEUT16|So it's clear that he's really.
NEUT17|Thinking about some of these macro issues and what will be interesting to see and it's important for us to pay attention to is as we start to come to some sort of resolution over the next few years.
BULL18|"Do these trends stay with us an it seems like, at least for the for the short term download believes that they will."""
