BULL0|"""Hi Phyllis, welcome to another video from The Motley Fool."
NEUT1|I'm going banner lack now.
NEUT2|Saga has been one of the highest profile flotations in the London Stock market recently or rivaling the role Mail for newspaper coverage.
NEUT3|And the shares have begun conditional trading.
NEUT4|This is where banks and brokers basically got to trade the shares for you and I pretty much just kind of figure out what the price should be, so there's not some crazy surge on the first day.
NEUT5|What they figured out is that the price is going to be about 185 Pence at the moment.
BEAR6|That is well down on the potential 245 P, but this childhood, the range 105 pizza and 45 P robot with a range that is by any measure not particularly great, and it values the company about £2.1 billion, which is a lot less than some were expecting.
NEUT7|It means the company in fact is going to issue £550 million worth of new shares, but the private equity backers have already got shares in Saga.
BEAR8|Have pretty much put on ice, their plans to offload some of their shares, and that's potentially bad news 'cause it could mean that in the future these guys will come back to the market trying to sell their shares.
BEAR9|So people going to fear that there's an overhang, depressing the value of the price because they know that these guys are waiting in the wings to shovel their shares overboard.
BULL10|It's a curious situation because it's demand for the IPO was actually quite strong among sagas, loyal customers.
NEUT11|These are the over 50s who seemed to go around the world on cruisers and buying insurance and shut the saga.
NEUT12|Very loyal bunch.
BEAR13|It appears the offer was three times oversubscribed and that means that people who tried to buy the shares have in many cases seen there.
BULL14|Requested allocation scaled back so the company says that overall it works out is about 2/3 of customers.
NEUT15|Get about 50% of what they ask for.
NEUT16|If you ask for the minimum £1000 worth pretty much get you for lot but more you ask for the more it scaled back.
NEUT17|Something like £40,000 worth of shares might only get say two and a half £1000 and I think that's probably the hidden silver lining in all.
NEUT18|This is that if you really want it, take a big stake of Saga out in Saga.
NEUT19|You got your chance because if the shares now lists at 185 P, Firstly you're paying, you know what seems to be a a more reasonable price in somewhere talking about.
NEUT20|Secondly, obviously by as many as the open market has available, which for most of us will mean as many as we want.
NEUT21|So if the shares do price at this lower end of the range when they start trading, that goes beyond this conditional traits page to full trading.
NEUT22|Get all this harbor shows you want.
NEUT23|On the other hand, if you were buying them because you thought they'd be a Royal Mail pop A I think you were optimistic and be.
BEAR24|"Not really good news that the shares are priced quite low."""
