NEUT0|"""Welcome back to 10X stocks like subscribe and let's get into latest NEO stock analysis and predictions January 21st."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, huge catalyst for NEO stock.
NEUT2|Let's get started.
NEUT3|The easiest way to describe electric vehicle manufacturer Neo is amazing.
BULL4|According to analysts, Niall revealed Amazing News on Neo Day they are producing record breaking deliveries and creating new technology.
BULL5|Today we investors have more amazing news and huge catalyst for Neo stock price in the future.
NEUT6|This big catalyst is that Neo is in the process of expanding to Europe.
NEUT7|Now you might be thinking that this is another speculation bullcrap, but we actually have proof that Niall is looking to expand in an exact city and country in Europe analysts have been speculating where in Europe Neo will go but now we have a clear answer.
NEUT8|Neo will first expand to Norway, specifically to a city named Oslo.
BULL9|The reason IO will enter the Norwegian market 1st is due to a high percentage of Norwegians owning electric vehicles.
NEUT10|In fact, according to analysts at Reuters, more than half of all new cars sold in Norway in 2020, or electric.
BEAR11|This is the most out of any country in the world, and this leaves other countries far behind.
NEUT12|Analysts claimed that this gives us a look into Nio CEO William Li's brain and how he plans to dominate the Norwegian market with Neo electric vehicles.
NEUT13|Nios founder and CEO William Li used to say Niall and Tesla are not competitors and friends.
NEUT14|However this has changed.
BEAR15|In his latest speech on Neo Day, he took multiple shots at Elon Musk and his company Tesla.
BULL16|Therefore, we can expect that William Lee is expanding to Norway due to it being the largest electric vehicle market in the world and the fact that he thinks that it will be a good idea to get an edge over Tesla there.
NEUT17|This is the reason investors love Mayo.
BULL18|It is competing with the big guy Tesla with a chance of overtaking them even with 110th of their market capitalization.
NEUT19|Now there will be many comments saying there is no proof, but this is false.
NEUT20|This proof can be found on LinkedIn.
NEUT21|If you visit Niles official LinkedIn profile and go to jobs, you will see now is hiring engineers, technicians and parts specialists in Oslo, Norway the importance of a high percentage of vehicles being electric is something that NEO founder William Lee often mentions in interviews when talking to the media.
NEUT22|Lee said that Niles entry into overseas markets will start with Europe first, which is because there is a consensus in Europe about the importance of electric vehicles and Environmental Protection.
BULL23|Lee also said that many of the automotive regulations in China and Europe are close and the European user and policy environment is more friendly to electric vehicles.
NEUT24|As Biden won the presidency, there will most likely be tax cuts in United States also, as in Europe for electric vehicles.
BULL25|This will increase penetration of electric vehicles in the United States as well.
BULL26|This is all amazing news fornaio and once again proves good news for investors.
NEUT27|Basically neo.
BULL28|Will it be a long term winner and make investors rich.
NEUT29|Will Neo skyrocket more?
BULL30|Only time can tell, but this definitely looks promising.
BULL31|Hold long and strong blue skies are coming.
BULL32|Thanks for watching.
NEUT33|"Like subscribe and go watch my other videos."""
