BULL0|"""Globalstar is the best penny stock to buy on the dip, and I think they can double in the coming months."
NEUT1|Give me 3 minutes of your time and I will tell you why they will double and exactly what to look for going forward.
NEUT2|They have a ton of momentum and in the last month a ton of institutions have been loading up on this stock.
BULL3|They have also signed a few deals that will utilize their technology that will significantly increase their revenue in the future, but I will be diving deeper into this later in the video, so a very quick overview of Globalstar, they're a leading provider of mobile satellite services.
NEUT4|With their voice and data communication services through the satellite worldwide, they have a network of in orbit satellites up in space that transmits are reliable signal so that you can stay connected in areas without cellular coverage.
NEUT5|Globalstar is so diverse in so many different areas, including the government, transportation, energy, construction, commercial, maritime, agriculture and forestry.
NEUT6|There's a big challenge distributing the covid vaccine and having billions of doses of the vaccine having to be transported into remote.
NEUT7|Areas at the correct temperature and time.
NEUT8|Now because of global stars technology, they can actually monitor small packages that are being transported all the way into small villages and developing countries.
BULL9|This is a huge catalyst for the stock and with the vaccine rolling out I definitely see this as a huge market for them to increase their revenue.
BULL10|Global Stars technology is needed right now in so many different industries and they have even signed an agreement with Sayres tag to supply satellite services to the livestock industry through the world's first and only smart year tag.
NEUT11|This is super interesting technology and it is very similar to what they're using to distribute the vaccines.
NEUT12|With this, they attach a smart year tag to the animal that sends data to the cloud through their satellite network.
BULL13|This market is also huge as there's over 1 billion cattle in the world, and this is another huge opportunity to boost their revenue when the product launches in 2022.
NEUT14|In the last two months, a ton of institutions have been buying shares.
BEAR15|In fact, 23 institutions have increased their positions while just 10 have decreased their positions.
NEUT16|This is a really good sign because these are some of the most well known institutions and they have thousands of analysts working for them and you always want to be invested into the stocks with the smart money behind them.
BEAR17|So now in the chart of Globalstar, the first thing that I notice is that we're in this bearish channel downwards, creating lower lows and lower highs.
BEAR18|Now this doesn't worry me too much, because when we step back onto the 4 hour time frame we can see that we're still in a very clear trend upwards, and this Bears channel that we see on the one hour time frame is just a pullback.
NEUT19|So now you're probably asking yourself, when will we see a continuation of this longer term trend up?
NEUT20|And to that I would say that the chart is always leaving hints as to where this might happen, so let's go through it.
BULL21|One thing I notice is that we have this trendline and we can see that we have tapped in and left a large Wick rejection, which is a sign that there was a lot of buyers in this area and in this area we have created a support at $1.50 which aligns with our trend line.
NEUT22|If you are familiar with Fib annachi retracement so we can also see that our support and trend line.
NEUT23|Aligns with the Golden Zone, which is the most powerful area for reversals, so all this makes me believe that this will be a key area to watch for reversals and for confirmation.
BULL24|I will be entering when I see a change in structure on the one hour time frame by creating higher highs and higher lows, and I expect us to break this $3 resistance and continue higher because of the longer term bullish trend.
BULL25|And with all the positive signs like the institutions buying more shares, their new partnerships, and the overall momentum behind this stock.
BULL26|I think that we will reach $8.00 per share in the near future.
NEUT27|"So if you enjoyed the video, please consider subscribing and with that being said, I'll see you guys next time."""
