NEUT0|"""I want to shift gears over to a story we've been covering in Texas and other Midwestern states there, and this power, awkward position considering the fact that Texas really does rely so much on natural gas."
NEUT1|And Akiko, you've been looking at kind of the natural gas industry's role in light of all that and and where it goes from here.
NEUT2|Yes, we were talking about this earlier this week.
NEUT3|It's been interesting to see the finger pointing that has happened in the aftermath of these power outages, as as we often see it after some natural disasters.
NEUT4|But I've been looking through the numbers here that's provided by the Energy Information Administration an it really does highlight what you just said about just the dominance of fossil fuels within Texas.
NEUT5|This is the look at Texas's net electricity generation.
NEUT6|So which source generates the most electricity?
NEUT7|The very top bar you see there is natural gas is so regardless of what?
BEAR8|We have heard from the likes of Texas Governor Abbott talking about the frozen wind turbines contributing to the outage.
NEUT9|There's no really going around.
BEAR10|The fact that the failures in the natural gas system contributed to this scale of the outage that we saw in the interesting backdrop to all of this is that we have seen the natural gas industry increasingly face a lot of skepticism about the claims that they are, in fact, a cleaner fuel energy because at the end of the day, while it is much cleaner than coal, it still is.
NEUT11|Generated by fossil fuels and what we've seen nationally are these local fights that have been popping up to ban natural gas hookups.
NEUT12|We've already seen that in more than 40 cities in California adopts some type of ban on natural gas hookups we saw earlier this year.
NEUT13|New York City Mayor de Blasio talking about a potential ban on new developments.
BULL14|We've seen Seattle pass a similar law we've seen Denver as well, so there does seem to be a lot of momentum building.
NEUT15|In this push to electrification and the American Gas Association says, of course, that they've got 180 million Americans who use natural gas.
BEAR16|It's not feasible to transition completely to renewables, but it does feel like this fight that has kind of been brewing under the surface in these local markets have now kind of spilled over in Texas, as we've seen this huge failure in the powers there.
BULL17|Yeah, it's a good.
NEUT18|It's a good piece to point out there.
NEUT19|You know it's all each form of energy carries its own emissions and you know it's all kind of writing scale, natural gas cleaner as you pointed out, the oil, but interesting to see.
NEUT20|Kind of the role of natural gas failing in Texas in the awkward position that we found a lot of politicians in when they were describing those failures relative to the renewables.
BULL21|"But at the very least we did see Texas just a short moment ago call off that emergency says its grid is back to normal, so there's that positive to focus in on."""
