NEUT0|"""Flappers was a group of young women who we associate very much with the 1920s."
NEUT1|They were young women who tasted independence during the war who wanted to earn their own living who didn't want to define themselves through marriage and motherhood and who embrace the 20s spirit of pleasure, independence, exploration, and freedom.
NEUT2|At the beginning of the war, there was a reluctance for women to be allowed to do anything other than nurse volunteers.
NEUT3|Ambulance drivers, which not only meant that they were out of the home and working, but they had their own money in their pocket.
NEUT4|After the war, those women did not want to go back into the home, many of them, and I think there was a kind of upheaval of the old social proprietaries that meant.
NEUT5|That women felt the need to kind of explore who they were.
NEUT6|They've been given the vote, many of them they've been granted the right to own their own property, and they wanted to explore what life held for them.
NEUT7|Skirts were beginning to rise just above the ankle before the war, but during the 20s, I think women saw the most radical change in fashion that they had ever seen in history by the mid 20s, skirts were rising pretty much to knee length.
NEUT8|Women were wearing trousers, some of them.
NEUT9|They were wearing short sleeves.
NEUT10|They were going out without gloves and hats even.
NEUT11|I mean, this was an extraordinary change from the late 19th early 20th century.
NEUT12|I think to define freedom in terms of dress can sound superficial, but if you imagine what it must have been like for those women to feel the sun and the wind on their arms and legs to have short hair to just to be able to move freely.
NEUT13|It's an amazing liberating power that fashion had for the 20s.
NEUT14|There was one American feminist very interesting Lee, who wrote very soon after war was declared that the door of the Dolls House has opened, and certainly for all the ups and downs of the women's liberation movement.
NEUT15|"I think that war had a huge effect on on really bringing women out of the 19th century and into the modern age."""
