NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame as far as you know 30 minute and what do I mean by that?
NEUT2|If you need an explanation, I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Well, another day an Apple is once again setting up for, you know what almost a case of deja vu.
NEUT4|Here, the chart was looking very similar when I did the video on Wednesday.
BULL5|This morning actually did gap up above that red line there which I've talked about pretty extensively as a level of resistance.
NEUT6|Problem is that that moved in at last and down it went.
BULL7|But once again, Apple is working its way back up to that red line there.
NEUT8|So just like yesterday, it now becomes a question of OK. Is the price getting ready to try to make another break through that area and this time though, the question becomes not necessarily can the price break above it?
NEUT9|But more so, can the price actually stay up above it?
NEUT10|Because right here we have the example of the price breaking above it, but as far as staying above it, yeah, that's where things that you know didn't quite work out there, but as far as you know the key level is concerned that one 2350 Mark is once again going to be that level.
BULL11|That lots and lots of people are watching all the breakout players, so we'll see if the price can finally break above there.
NEUT12|But like I said, not necessarily break above it, but stay above it 'cause that's what you know struggled.
NEUT13|You know when it happened this morning, but like I said, looking like history has a chance to repeat itself there.
NEUT14|So definitely keep a close eye on that.
NEUT15|As far as levels of support or concern, nothing has changed here really much either.
NEUT16|Still have the purple line there.
NEUT17|That 50.
NEUT18|Moving average that you're going to keep a close eye on, and that is definitely that preferable area of support, meaningful task.
NEUT19|They won't make the chart look the absolute strongest well.
NEUT20|That would be if the price could say up there above that purple line, but I mean if the price doesn't hold up above it, you do still have this overarching level down here around the 121 mark we asked as far as you know, ideal situations staying above the above that purple line would be a good example of just the chart looking.
BULL21|As strong as possible moving forward.
BULL22|But yeah, as of now the support loves.
NEUT23|I mean, I don't want to say they don't matter because I do, but what matters the most is all about that resistance level.
NEUT24|Again, because the price is so close to within striking distance of it.
NEUT25|So Friday going to be very interesting day.
NEUT26|So let's see what happens.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT29|But it will be me.
NEUT30|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL31|So being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT32|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT33|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR34|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT35|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT36|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT37|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT38|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT39|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT40|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT41|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT42|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
