NEUT0|"""Question from Jason Long, who writes your analyst?"
NEUT1|Do extensive research on companies and there are plenty of resources out there to get information.
NEUT2|I'm wondering where would you recommend that I look if I wanted to find information about a public company, specific initiatives, future plans, or overarching goals during a certain time period.
NEUT3|That is to say, how do I figure out what the most important things the business is working on this year?
NEUT4|It's a great question.
NEUT5|It's a great question and I would say three very direct places and 1st I will check out the company's website.
NEUT6|So many companies now where are offering up their strategic plans or their thinking or their focus and you can just get a good feel from what the website is talking about, what the business is talking about.
NEUT7|So first there part of that website experience tends to be an Investor Relations area, so you can go there to have a perspective on what they're talking about.
NEUT8|From the business.
NEUT9|Netflix is Investor relations areas extremely good, and they're very transparent as how they talk about their initiatives, including a whole section on long term investments that they're making so.
NEUT10|I would say the website part of the investor part of that is the Investor Relations Department first second the Annual report.
NEUT11|So you can look up the annual report, typically from the website.
NEUT12|They all now list them the annual report so you can look at the initiatives and they're talking about in the business.
NEUT13|So I would say the annual reports a great spot, and then third, if you want to go look at the quarterly conference calls that sometimes are published on the Motley Fool's website and other websites, sometimes the companies publish themselves.
NEUT14|Sometimes you can access them and listen to them.
NEUT15|Most companies now open those up, so which among those three areas?
NEUT16|Chris, I think you get a very good feel of what management is talking about when it comes to the strategic initiatives that they're working on, and what their expectations are and how much progress they've made of those over the years, particularly on the conference calls.
NEUT17|Central, and as you said, Motley Fool fool.com does this.
NEUT18|There are other sites that do this published.
NEUT19|The transcripts mean Jason Moser from time to time will just go to a conference call transcript and he'll just search for a particular word or phrase to see.
NEUT20|Like, OK, I'm looking at this company and I think I'm curious to find out what they're doing in this one particular area.
NEUT21|Let me just see how many times are they talking about how many times are they asked and what sort of answers are they offering up?
NEUT22|Yeah, that's a great point, Chris, because it's allows regular investors.
NEUT23|People want to know more.
NEUT24|To to use the conference call transcript as a way to search for things very specifically.
NEUT25|There's been fun stories about the growth on people and executives using terms like AI or using cloud computing, and how that is just exploded no matter what business you're aim, you can be in a floor manufacturing business now, and they're talking about AI and cloud computing, so and sometimes you get a good sense, especially if you read those from quarter to quarter.
NEUT26|Or look at them, you get a good sense of had to sniff out.
NEUT27|Let's just say a little bit of horse manure from when it's actually true sometimes, because that is one factor we do love to see in management teams.
NEUT28|Is they state what they're going to do, and they actually go out and deliver it, or they exceed that.
BULL29|And that's that's been so impressive with the likes of Netflix over the last three to four years when they've faced those doubters, and Reed has been very bold out there talking about what they want to do.
BULL30|"From the content side, as well as the distribution side, and they've actually back that up with deliverables."""
