BULL0|"""Alright guys, welcome back to the channel."
NEUT1|I hope you're doing really well and in this video I'm gonna be talking about the stuff that I recently bought into, but this is stock with ticker symbol C IBM.
NEUT2|Now these guys are a company that is focused on digital cinema services software providing advertisements and content marketing and distribution.
NEUT3|So basically in simpler words they have some channels, some programs that they distribute on.
NEUT4|Various platforms like Disney, Netflix, things like that.
NEUT5|And why this stock I believe can really be a big name in the future is because there's since the pandemic there's been an accelerating shift in home entertainment, so maybe one year from now less and less people will go to cinemas.
NEUT6|And more people will watch their movies at home.
NEUT7|So recently HA lot of movies have that are meant to be released in the in the cinema have actually been launched for the HBO Max or any online.
BULL8|Streaming service, so that would really increase the home entertainment demand.
BULL9|Yep, so these guys are involved in digital and on demand services which are both likely to see an increase in popularity overtime.
NEUT10|And this company is very very very active in their growth.
NEUT11|For example, lately in the past few months they have made a lot of strategic acquisitions and partnerships which are only going to help them in the future and help them to grow and grow.
BULL12|As well as that, they're starting to enter publishers for international distribution, so that expands their clientele worldwide.
NEUT13|Yep, so lots of partnership and acquisition, which is definitely something we like to see for a growing company that is just started.
NEUT14|As well as that there.
NEUT15|By these acquisitions there adding more and more TV programs and films to their portfolios for more and more people will watch it and they generate more revenue.
BULL16|In addition, the management is very active to try and boost the company's reputation and overall performance in the past few min.
BULL17|The past month, they've reduced debt by over 50%, which is very very good.
BULL18|They've made partnerships with big companies like Netflix, Amazon, Disney, Roku, all of these big Giants.
NEUT19|And these guys are partnering with them.
NEUT20|Yeah, and in the NASDAQ you want 10 days above $1.00 for a stock to be to gain compliance, and these guys are on their second day today and eight more days.
BULL21|And they gain compliance, which is another catalyst and gives more security to the stock.
BULL22|Lastly, why I think this will grow loads.
NEUT23|As I said, all of these reasons and it only has a market cap of $100 million.
BULL24|With all these acquisitions, strategic growth plans, partnerships, these guys should already be a 300,000,000 market cap in my opinion and can easily grow through a 600 seven 100,000,000 market cap, even maybe 1 billion if they go in the right direction which would be 5 to 10 times from the current price.
BULL25|Thank you for watching guys.
BULL26|I hope you enjoyed the video.
NEUT27|"Please leave any suggestions and like and comment see you next time."""
