NEUT0|"""So what we're looking for is one to two points of upside, actually to traffic and comps for the quarter."
NEUT1|So as we think about this situation, stocks that we like for the long term include Walmart.
NEUT2|Include Costco, and include Planet Fitness on the pull back.
BULL3|So there are some great franchises and as customers really prepare and think about this evolving situation, people are stocking up on essentials, food, health care items, and that's benefiting numbers.
NEUT4|Hand sanitizer at limited brands as well, right?
NEUT5|Yeah, these are things to watch.
NEUT6|Yep, just yesterday my.
NEUT7|My neighbors went to the mall just to go to it to bed, Bath or to Bath and Body works.
NEUT8|Get that hand sanitizer, and anecdotally, you can't get baby wipes anywhere.
NEUT9|Listen, I understand Walmart and Costco on your list, but Planet Fitness you think could benefit.
NEUT10|Wouldn't people shy away from the gym at a time like this?
NEUT11|It's entirely possible what we like here in Planet Fitness is a stock pullback.
BEAR12|It's pulled back over 20%.
NEUT13|That being said, and this is an evolving situation that that will not necessarily persist for a long time.
BULL14|And Planet Fitness has a long growth global growth opportunity.
NEUT15|High value proposition being a gym membership around $10 and we like the business model as it is on Amazon table, so it's a different kind of idea.
NEUT16|But we're also just trying to give investors advice in this time of change and what are some great franchises that are less expensive given the market dynamics but another franchise we like as well as LVMH, why would well let me take him both one at a time there?
NEUT17|On on Planet Fitness, I would think one might be concerned that people wouldn't want to go out into a public space to workout, which would favor, for example, Nautilus tour peloton or one of those.
NEUT18|Yeah, we're also recommending Palatine and I agree with you alot of the online services also with target and drive up drive up that ability to do drive up next day delivery.
NEUT19|Those that kind of functionality will continue to be extremely important and customers get more and more engaged.
NEUT20|Yeah, I guess it is a Planet Fitness.
NEUT21|A lot of members don't actually visit that gym very often, so it's a very good business model at large an it's a business model that created this low value opportunity, so it's something to watch in the stock coming in as part of the reason.
BEAR22|"But as this evolves, we're afraid of the mall, were afraid of a lot of stocks that are present in the mall because the mall is having a tough time even before the situation, so the winners will likely continue to be winners."""
