NEUT0|"""There is a vigorous debate in the markets, an inside the Federal Reserve about the topic of inflation."
BULL1|Several markets are sensitive to inflation expectations, especially go foreign exchange and longer term US Treasurys the rally in gold and the weakness in the US dollar both signs that many market participants are taking the view that there is a risk of rising inflation pressures in 2021 and beyond, and that's due to the massive fiscal and monetary stimulus to cushion the blow of the pandemic.
BEAR2|The signals from the US Treasury markets are less clear.
BULL3|You'll have risen a little in August, which is consistent with rising inflation expectations.
BULL4|But we also note that the Federal Reserve's balance sheet is been stable since mid June.
NEUT5|It just around $7 trillion.
NEUT6|Filing the March may.
BEAR7|The Fed added $3 trillion in newly purchased securities, a much less active fed would be one reason for longer term yields creeping higher and might not signal anything about inflation expectations.
NEUT8|Inside the Fed the debate is different.
NEUT9|The Fed is trying to decide what its policy stance should be once the US economy is clearly back on track.
NEUT10|The Fed's views on inflation will matter a lot for future post pandemic policy decisions.
BEAR11|The Fed, like its peers in Europe and Japan, has been frustrated by the inability to create inflation pressure, and that's despite massive asset purchases.
NEUT12|Since the Great Recession and long periods of near 0 rates fed is debating whether to alter its inflation target to allow for a significant period of overshooting the target before raising rates.
NEUT13|Instead of using a fixed 2% threshold for core inflation to trigger a move to higher interest rates, the Fed is debating whether to use a long term core inflation average.
BEAR14|Since core inflation has been stuck below the 2% target, switching to an averaging method would effectively allow for considerable overshooting of the 2% inflation rate before triggering higher rates.
NEUT15|We have two observations here.
NEUT16|First, just because the Fed changes its target, the method for inflation doesn't create inflation.
BULL17|Second, the Fed is telling us that rates are going to stay very close to 0 long after inflation gets above 2%.
NEUT18|If it ever does so, the inflation debate is going to make for a very interesting Federal Open Market Committee meeting in mid September, and markets will be on alert for any change in inflation guidance should it be announced.
NEUT19|"I'm blue Puttnam chief economist, CME Group."""
