NEUT0|"""If you missed our exclusive coverage of the Berkshire shareholders meeting at this weekend, we've got more highlights, including the way that Warren Buffett is tying the current situation, the way that's handling it back to depression era, and for more on that, I want to branch uncle his latest right?"
NEUT1|Well, Zach, obviously we already know that the tone of the Berkshire Hathaway meeting on Saturday from Warren Buffett was particularly somber relative to previous years.
BEAR2|A lot of that because of the COVID-19 crisis in the margins.
NEUT3|For what it's done to Berkshire Hathaway itself.
NEUT4|But Warren Buffett, when asked about the state of the banking industry or the economy at large, said.
NEUT5|One of the big differences between now and the Great Depression.
NEUT6|Even though a lot of people were making that comparison, is the FDIC.
NEUT7|The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which was founded, actually in response to the Great Depression, to make sure that they could insure deposits to stop any sort of bank runs.
BEAR8|As you recall, that was a major issue in the Great Depression when concerns about the health of the banking industry actually led to a lot of people lining up outside of banks and running on deposits which ultimately led to the demise of over 4000 deposit Ori institutions.
NEUT9|Warren Buffett saying on Saturday, that's a major difference and.
NEUT10|Today, the FDIC still exists with that same mission, although it's actually ensuring up to $250,000 in deposits per depositor.
NEUT11|Now, why is Warren Buffett talking bout this?
NEUT12|Keep in mind, Berkshire Hathaway has massive stakes in a lumber of large U.S. banks like US Bancorp, JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America.
NEUT13|And for what it's worth, Warren Buffett, saying he doesn't see a concern in the banking industry quite yet, but said he wouldn't rule out that the COVID-19 crisis might spill over to some issues with the banking industry itself and Warren Buffett saying.
NEUT14|The FDIC is at least still there.
NEUT15|An important reminder to to note that if you did miss that covered, you can still watch.
NEUT16|It's never too late.
BULL17|"Still holds Brian showing appreciate you bringing us that."""
