NEUT0|"""What do you think about the call?"
NEUT1|You can see the melt up and then you have a possibility of US recession.
NEUT2|So at the moment it doesn't look like we'll have a recession.
BEAR3|In fact, the consensus and Easy FC code on your Bloomberg screen expects that will still have just a very mild slowdown.
NEUT4|There's some downside risks with that that the Fed continues to talk about.
BEAR5|We all in the market continues to worry about trade.
BULL6|We continue to worry about the slowing growth in the rest of the world looks a little bit better in Germany today, but the main message still is that we still don't expect a recession.
NEUT7|So therefore it should be relatively benign, at least for now for markets, exactly.
NEUT8|Also for SMP 500.
NEUT9|So the general idea whenever people talk about avoiding a recession and really just sort of keeping asset prices elevated, they point to Treasury yields.
NEUT10|And they say this is going to be one of the main areas of support.
NEUT11|We had a column.
BEAR12|I think it was last week from Bill Dudley basically said that low Treasury yields really aren't sustainable, and that poses sort of a risk to a lot of the economic forecasts out there.
NEUT13|Yeah, and that's very important because that very, very critical question that the market is spoke about for a long time.
NEUT14|And of course, academics are now beginning to investigate even further is why is it that Treasury yields are so low?
NEUT15|When you actually have the very low unemployment rate, all traditional economic textbooks will tell you that information should be a lot higher, both in wages they have gone up a bit more, but in particular also an inflation and Treasury yields are of course, particularly because inflation is low, but also because the rest of the world hunting yields and this boys down then to the question, well, OK, can this continue?
NEUT16|Is there anything that will get Treasury rates up?
NEUT17|Can we just continue to spend as much money as we want in terms of government spending tax deficits?
NEUT18|All basically ends up with a debate about why is it that race continues to be so low so late in the recovery and then the other risk?
NEUT19|That sort of baked into that?
NEUT20|And the same idea that Dudley also brought up was.
NEUT21|The idea of corporate debt and how it's sort of swelled to levels where you would at least start to be a little bit concerned, particularly if you can get that shift in yield, which is almost 100% function of where long rates are, because the more both the front end and the long end of the curve is low.
NEUT22|In other words, if the risk free rate in finance terms are very low, people are forced to hunt more yield, and you see that also has coming out more.
NEUT23|Of course, in Corporate IG, high yield loans where you have seen higher and higher metrics for more and more leverage, you've also seen credit metrics change in a number of different dimensions, which makes you then ask, is that sustainable?
NEUT24|Well, as long as the risk free rate is low with the hunt for, you will probably continue to cause pension fund managers.
NEUT25|Insurance companies need to have returns and therefore they have been chasing yields in all kinds of different asset classes and that's the phenomenon that the fate of course is supporting by lowering rates further, which makes up like three of your 20 top risks for 2020 was like a multiple of all the debt had his trade factor at all into this, so this is almost a near term issue.
NEUT26|That of course is more confidence effect relative to these longer term sort of glacier speed developments and the challenge of course is that if you both have their cocktail of something in the long term.
BULL27|Pushing on moderation and the short term also pushing in that direction.
NEUT28|Then of course we could have an accident, but that's not what we expect.
BULL29|We still expect that we will have a phase one deal at some point, signed, probably by the end of this year.
NEUT30|"We'll have to wait and see exactly when, but this of course is very, very important as a precondition for the optimism that we have been seeing coming back here in markets more recently."""
