NEUT0|"""Age play in this video chart on ticker symbol H MBL, we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|I'm not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL3|Well, a little bit of a disappointing day, but I don't say that in a bearish sense, because overall, the chart did perfectly fine and this will mean a little bit more of those you have traded for awhile.
NEUT4|But if you have traded for awhile, I'm sure you've seen stocks that make very impressive bounces to just then all of a sudden give back all their gains and roll right back over.
NEUT5|And that didn't happen here.
NEUT6|Now, did the price explode upwards?
NEUT7|No, it didn't explode upwards, but by no means that totally collapse.
BULL8|I mean, it just actually went through a healthy consolidation and just went sideways there.
BEAR9|So like I said, the disappointing day came in the fact of it actually started off very strong.
BEAR10|Price came up here actually broke.
NEUT11|Up above that, red line was behaving like it wanted to break out and then just was like not just kidding and back down.
NEUT12|The price went but when it went back down again that goes back to the fact that it's not like it kept dropping and dropping and dropping.
NEUT13|It just decided to go back down and then just consolidate for the rest of the day.
BEAR14|So yeah, a bit of a disappointing day because there was no follow through on the breakout.
NEUT15|But from, you know, taking a step back and look at things from a bigger picture point of view.
NEUT16|Everything is still perfectly fine, still consolidating nicely, but that doesn't take away from the fact that, yeah, definitely 375 remains that key area of resistance moving forward, so we're going to keep a close eye on that as that first key battleground point.
NEUT17|If the price can push up through that level, next key general area of resistance would then be up there at the 395 mark.
NEUT18|So three 75395 couple areas of resistance as far as supports are concerned.
NEUT19|I'm actually just going to go ahead and get rid of that line down there.
NEUT20|Sure, it pertains is not really relevant, but the first key level that ideally you would want to see the price behave and you know stay up above which you did a great job of right there by bouncing off that purple line is that purple line, the 50.
NEUT21|Moving average currently valued at 346.
NEUT22|But even if the price drops below there, you then have the Big Brother of the 50.
NEUT23|The 200.
NEUT24|Moving average down there, and that's currently valid at will call at $3.30.
BULL25|So keep an eye on those couple areas of support, but overall, yeah, a little bit of a disappointing day, but from a bigger picture point of view, just a healthy day of consolidation.
NEUT26|First off thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT27|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT28|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL29|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT30|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT31|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR32|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT35|And I'll show you.
NEUT36|How it all works then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT37|That is again totally live.
NEUT38|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT41|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
