NEUT0|"""Clever is currently sitting at $0.10."
BULL1|Just about a week ago, it broke through resistance level at 9.5 cents, another 79% rise to $0.70 over a few days.
BULL2|It retraced along with the rest of the market and currently it's consolidating at this level, but I believe that it will be heading higher.
NEUT3|We're going to be setting a price target a bit later on guys, but first will you be able to buy that Aston Martin that you've always wanted?
NEUT4|If you invest in clever in 2021?
NEUT5|In this video, we're going to be setting a price target and we'll be discussing the fundamentals.
NEUT6|The eagle has landed.
NEUT7|Liver has a market cap of 435,000,000 at 24 hour trading volume of 7.6 million.
NEUT8|Circulating supply of 3.9 billion and the maximum supply of 10 billion.
NEUT9|Clever is a secure peer to peer crypto wallet for blockchain which support for many top tokens.
NEUT10|Clever utilizes the latest military grade technology for encryption that allows users to buy crypto with a credit card and swap their crypto instantly, and it's fully compatible with etherium and thrown networks and allows users to access decentralized apps.
NEUT11|These networks the clever wallet supports more than 10,000 crypto assets, and it also allows users to stake their coins and earn interest.
BULL12|OK guys, I hope you're enjoying the video so far.
NEUT13|If you are drop a like and comment down below.
NEUT14|If you have clever in your wallet or if you're about to buy some heading to the White paper, we see that clever was designed to solve two big issues in the crypto market today, which is the crypto security problem and the user experience problem and clever is composed of four elements.
NEUT15|Clever operating system.
NEUT16|Clever app, Clever Labs, and clever exchange.
BULL17|OK guys, we're going to get to our price target in a moment, so make sure to continue watching the clever operating system allows developers of all platforms to run a secure wallet on all kinds of devices and the clever app gives its users access to many useful services and products and the clever exchange allows for quick and secure swaps between cryptocurrencies, and it supports more than 1,000,000 transactions per second.
NEUT18|And what's really interesting is clever labs, which is a platform for development.
NEUT19|Of new projects and each project developed by Clever Labs will be crowdfunded with CLV Token getting back to the chart.
NEUT20|I believe clever is a very interesting project, since it unites many different applications into one central hub, and what we increased the demand for the clever token is clever labs, which is the crowdfunding platform, since anyone who wants to invest in a project will have to do so through the clever token given clever's current market cap, I believe that a projected market cap of $4 billion is achievable during the peak of this altcoin cycle.
NEUT21|"And that would give us a 10X and price and the price target of $1.00."""
