BULL0|"""The good news is that the Moderna and Pfizer and Marni vaccines are very similar in that they are both effective and safe."
BULL1|The efficacy of the Pfizer vaccine is 95%.
NEUT2|The Moderna vaccine is at 94.5% but on Tuesday Moderna provided some additional info that their vaccine may reduce asymptomatic infections and there isn't enough data to say for sure yet.
BULL3|But when participants with no symptoms were swabbed between the 1st and 2nd dose as part of surveillance testing, there were more positive cases.
NEUT4|In the placebo group, then in the group that had received just one dose of the vaccine, so it may be that the vaccine not only protects against disease, but against infection, and Pfizer is predicted to have data on something similar in January.
NEUT5|Well that's that's amazing.
NEUT6|I mean, and it's we followed the vaccines the last couple of days down in Louisiana and Texas, Padmini, and of course, keeping the Pfizer vaccine at negative 80 negative 90 degrees Celsius was absolutely critical.
NEUT7|Moderna doesn't need those kind of ultracold temperatures, why not?
NEUT8|What's the difference?
NEUT9|Between those two, when it comes to temperatures, yeah, that's right.
NEUT10|So both vaccines use Messenger RNA or M RNA to provide instructions for ourselves to make that spike, protein of the virus which our bodies than Mount an immune response against.
NEUT11|Both companies use lipid nanoparticles to stabilize that M RNA and help it get into cells.
NEUT12|But each company has their own proprietary lipid interparticle formulation made with slightly different ingredients, and this leads to that difference is the stability of the vaccines and therefore the storage temperatures required.
NEUT13|I'm not going to pretend I understood half of that pet mini, but I do understand can look at a refrigerator and freezer and say, OK, that's the temperature there and you know you think about the difference.
NEUT14|We say, OK, who cares?
NEUT15|It matters a lot.
NEUT16|I mean keeping something at negative 80 degrees Celsius?
NEUT17|Trust me, I put my hand in the freezer for two seconds.
NEUT18|It was very cold.
BULL19|It's going to be easier I think every step of the way for the Moderna vaccine.
NEUT20|Yeah, and also the Pfizer vaccine ships with larger and larger number of doses and so with that with those added temperature requirements, it's likely that more densely populated areas and facilities with those specialized freezers will acquire the Pfizer vaccine while the Moderna vaccine could be used in less densely populated areas that may not have this ultra cold storage.
NEUT21|But even hospitals that are in less populated areas are investing in those cold freezers so they won't miss out on any vaccines.
NEUT22|Yeah, well, they're made by Thermo Fisher.
NEUT23|We saw some of them, but they cost $20,000 and up by the way, very quickly.
NEUT24|The Astra Zeneca vaccine, assuming it is approved and I don't want you to go too far in the weeds.
NEUT25|Padmini, I understand it's a more traditional vaccine.
NEUT26|A lot of insiders I've talked to have said sort of whisper to me.
NEUT27|They would rather use that one because it's sort of a more established vaccine technology if you will.
NEUT28|How do you define the difference between Astra Zeneca and Moderna Pfizer's M RNA?
NEUT29|So the Astra Zeneca vaccine is it uses a viral vector and that is that is more traditional but.
BULL30|Thus far, all the data that we've seen with both the Moderna vaccine and the Pfizer vaccine are great in terms of safety and efficacy, and for me I'm going to take whatever vaccine is offered to me as soon as it's offered to me.
NEUT31|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT32|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
