NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, welcome to this news who planned a man's talk analysis, this time for Shopify Ticker shop this is a trading disclaimer."
NEUT1|You can pause the video already that anytime OK. Let's pull up the Shopify Inc. Stock, as you can see here in the watermark we have one M. That means that every single candles take represent a month of time.
NEUT2|So as explained in a previous not on up YouTube analysis, it was on a pass in the set of four Get Community blog post we were talking about these area of command and press was about their last February or something was like yeah.
BEAR3|Valerie, when that imbalance was created, we had a very strong imbalance over there, and going alone after such a strong nimble was not a good idea for long term.
NEUT4|So if you are doing intraday or scalping Shopify using maybe vertical spreads and all that for shorter from launch independently from the underlying trend, which is bullish, then obviously he can go along and shorten a lot.
NEUT5|If you are trying to scramble away down.
NEUT6|It's also possible after such a strong rally, but as long term traders we were looking to go long and that area after mind and there is exactly what happened.
NEUT7|We were also waiting for Presto retrace with that imbalance around $160.00 per share but it didn't then rallied and after a couple months or this is the coronavirus effect, prices were up to where to these strong caveat of demand and that is what cost price?
NEUT8|That strong rally independently from what's going on in the industry or the coronavirus affects an all that you know everyone is talking about.
BULL9|So clear loan bias in all over here there will be opportunities to go along on the smaller time frame.
NEUT10|So this is our one single time frame analysis and not enough to make a trading decision.
BEAR11|But long term long bias on choppy file which is right now believe the second biggest Canadian stock.
BULL12|I believe after this strong bullish impulse that that reacted to kiss the level on that area of imbalance over there.
NEUT13|So long bias on this one, as simple as that.
NEUT14|You can use any strategy continues to come by CFD's counter for difference if your country allows you to use our options, buying the underline share, which is quite expensive after say.
NEUT15|So there are many alternatives to trade these stock.
NEUT16|Remember that single time frame is not enough to make a trade decision and this analysis is not a signal service.
NEUT17|You must know when and when not to place a trade based.
NEUT18|On your training plan and you have to put everything into context by doing a top down analysis.
NEUT19|Enjoy the rest of the day and be happy.
NEUT20|If you are interested in joining us, don't forget to visitourcertificate.com or you will be able to learn how to trade these imbalances without using any kind of volume or analysis.
NEUT21|Fundamental analysis or using any indicators or oscillators, and enjoy the rest of the day and be happy.
NEUT22|"Bye bye."""
