BULL0|"""Hello everyone again."
NEUT1|Welcome to these news.
NEUT2|Supply and demand is talking about this, this time for Exxon Mobil Corporation ticker xom this is it.
NEUT3|Reading disclaimer, do composite video and read it at any time.
BEAR4|OK, let's take a look at the weekly time frame and Exxon mobile we were waiting for prices to rephrase that these super strong areas apply apprises past and continue to drop creating another area supplied around fifteen.
NEUT5|$9 there's a clear show bias every single candle stick represents a week of time.
NEUT6|You can go short on other, not smaller time frames like one hour, 4 hour, even smaller time frames you are doing intraday or even scalping ExxonMobil.
NEUT7|But you should be looking to go short instead of looking long.
NEUT8|I've been reading some articles that it should be graded by an extra mobile now that it is very cheap about command.
NEUT9|GNU Area supplier being creative doesn't matter what the old paper.
NEUT10|Saudi Arabia, Russia, Venezuela, United States, Norway, Norway, oil producing countries are.
NEUT11|These are all decided to do with their oil production that is stronger supply being sure by us.
NEUT12|This is the only way to go.
NEUT13|So if you want to scalp or doing today, or an extra mobility should be looking to go short and not to go long.
NEUT14|Having two trading decisions at the same time going along the shore is not a good idea 'cause you will always have something against one of them, and playing both sides of the market is very very risky and very dangerous.
BEAR15|Even trading with the trend with a clear trend, you're gonna be having losses, but training against that one.
NEUT16|There are obvious.
NEUT17|Imbalance is being created on the way down and everything is sure buyers with light, crude oil and Brent oil futures and most world oil production companies.
BEAR18|They are dropping like a rock blind.
NEUT19|Them is not is not a good idea.
NEUT20|Show based on this one, but remember that a single time frame is not enough to make a trading decision and this is not a signal service.
NEUT21|You must know when or when not to pledge to operate a trade based on your trading plan and supply demand and only after putting the analysis into context with a multiple time frame analysis, you want to learn how to trade these imbalances, how to locate them and put them into context, and trade the right market structure without any fundamental analysis or volume analysis.
NEUT22|You are welcome to join us at the setting forget.com community.
NEUT23|Enjoy the rest of the day and be happy.
NEUT24|"Bye bye."""
