BULL0|"""Hey guys, thank you for tuning into money makers."
NEUT1|Want to do a quick video today on Barrick Gold Corp. Stock and discuss the recent position that more Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway took in this company.
NEUT2|I keep seeing a lot of articles and videos that talk about how this is a perplexing move by the company and that doesn't really feel like a Warren Buffett move CNBC.
NEUT3|They wrote unusual move, considering Buffett Long professed dislike for gold.
NEUT4|Yeah, me personally, I don't think that's what's taking place, so I wanted to give an alternative take.
NEUT5|Everyone here is assuming this is a physical gold investment.
NEUT6|But if we go to Barrick Gold Corporation's website, yes they do mine for gold numbers here in the thousands.
NEUT7|So they got five million 465 ounces of gold mined during 2019.
NEUT8|But what I want to call attention to is copper.
NEUT9|So in millions £432 million of copper was mined in 2019.
NEUT10|So why is that significant?
NEUT11|Well, anyone who's been following battery technology knows that copper is one of the minerals needed to produce.
NEUT12|Lithium batteries, ironically you need more copper and nickel to produce a lithium battery than new lithium.
BEAR13|So it's it's widely speculated that copper, along with the other minerals needed, we're going to start experiencing shortages as the demand starts to skyrocket moving forward.
NEUT14|So me I look at this and I think that Berkshire Hathaway is actually buying stock in this company more for the long term copper exposure than for the gold.
NEUT15|You know it's various articles out there that talk about.
NEUT16|Eventual shortage and copper.
NEUT17|You know, one of the articles I looked at, typical electric vehicle contains 10 times more copper than a conventional vehicle.
NEUT18|The other thing, too, that no one's really talked about is that Berkshire Hathaway owns Duracell Battery Company, which requires copper to produce those batteries.
NEUT19|So it's speculating, but I think long term Berkshire Hathaway may be trying to structure a some sort of supply deal with Barrett Gold as well.
NEUT20|Just mitigate its exposure to.
BULL21|The inevitable increase in price for copper per pound.
NEUT22|Let us know in the comments what you think.
NEUT23|"If you like what you saw, be sure to drop a like if you'd like to see more of our content, please subscribe."""
