NEUT0|"""It's claimed to be a video chart on ticker symbol FB, Facebook."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame for not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Also from disclosure standpoint I do own Facebook in my retirement accounts from the long side, so just keep that in mind as I go through the presentation here now.
NEUT4|Rough day today obviously headlines came out.
NEUT5|The market did not like those headlines so you can see well above average volume.
NEUT6|So definitely a lot of eyeballs going to be watching this one going into next week.
NEUT7|And really, there's a couple of main levels here that really stand out and these levels are not like some sort of great discovery on my part, so I want to come across like this is some sort of unique.
NEUT8|Ability that I have, I assure you, a lot of people that use charts understand charts are going to be watching these areas, and I say all that because when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy call whatever you want.
NEUT9|It can certainly produce some very dynamic movements and the one level that there's going to be all sorts of people watching is right up there at $220 as a potential breakout point.
NEUT10|I mean, it's still Facebook and it's still a tech stock, so you know, people are still bullish on these things, so it's not exactly rocket science to think that there's going to be people watching to see if this thing can level off go sideways.
NEUT11|And start to work its way up and get a breakthrough that level now of course no such thing as a guarantee.
NEUT12|My point here is that it's at least a valid and rational thought to have that if the price can behave in that manner and then work up there and get the break of 220 and that very well could create quite a bit of upside buying pressure again, guarantee no rational thoughts.
NEUT13|Have absolutely so 220 definitely going to be one of those main technical levels that many will be watching in the event the price can push up through 2:20 next key level to watch it would be then up around the 225 mark.
NEUT14|Now as far as areas of support or concern.
NEUT15|Not to squeeze down the charter quite a bit, because as we're seeing here, it's been a long time since the price have been down this low, so I get it the charts a little bit harder to see, but next he overall area of support right now is right where the price bounce off of today at 2:15.
NEUT16|And if 215 does not quite hold up.
NEUT17|The next level, not until dawn around the two 1275 Mark.
NEUT18|So 2:15 is the mark that I'll be very curious about an you know to see if it consolidates, you know, 'cause like I said right now, yeah it could go sideways and then start to work way back over.
NEUT19|But there's you know that's a 2 sided coin right?
NEUT20|It could break down through that level so you know there's going to be all sorts of shorts watching that level right there.
NEUT21|Wondering if the price can breakthrough there, and if it does, then again, very rational thoughts have that could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure, so we'll see what happens with it going into next week.
BULL22|But yeah, rough way to end the week.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird.
NEUT28|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT29|But in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT34|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT35|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
