NEUT0|"""We are going to the industry focused Mail back today for this episode, so this discussion is actually long, long overdue."
NEUT1|Do we have a graphic for that?
NEUT2|Like we're like, a mailbag comes across the screen.
NEUT3|I wish I'll look into that with our producers, but one of our listeners, Matt.
NEUT4|He reached out to us over the summer, actually asking about a Nintendo Wii did not forget New Mattie, but the last time Nintendo came up on the show.
NEUT5|It was a really brief update on the strong early reception and sales performance for the company's latest console, the Switch.
NEUT6|So this was.
NEUT7|Maybe spring of 2017, so that's right up to us.
NEUT8|It's a little bit too long to quote here on the show, and it's entirely.
NEUT9|But basically he wanted to know why video game competitors like Activision Blizzard take two interactive and Electronic Arts.
NEUT10|They typically get the most attention for in terms of the gaming and E sports companies, even though Nintendo has plenty of its own strengths which will get into.
NEUT11|So now we're going to look at Nintendo's business.
NEUT12|Some of the latest developments.
NEUT13|But to start, it's worth noting that Nintendo is a Japanese company headquartered in Kyoto.
NEUT14|And the stock trades on exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka.
NEUT15|So for most listeners on this show, those of us based in the US you prefer to avoid trading on foreign exchanges, which is possible, but I think daunting to most every individual investors.
NEUT16|You have to rely on the American depositary receipts or Adrs.
NEUT17|So for Nintendo those Adrs go by the tickers NT DOINTDOF that first one NTDOY sees significantly more trading volume with hundreds of thousands of shares changing hands most days.
NEUT18|And eight of those Adrs represent one ordinary share of Nintendo stock on its home exchange, so going back to match question, a big reason, I think why you don't see Nintendo and included in as many of these stock recommendations for video game exposure, is the fact that I think a lot of investors feeling comfortable trading pink sheet or over the counter.
NEUT19|Adrs like these shares, but Nintendo is not required to report the full detailed financial and business information to the Securities and Exchange Commission as result.
NEUT20|So I can go to Sec's Edgar search tool.
NEUT21|And pull up the Activision Electronic Arts 10K10 Q filings.
NEUT22|That's not the case for Nintendo, though they do offer a lot of pretty solid reporting on their investor relations.
NEUT23|There's also no earnings call, so you sort of lose a lot of the color that you get from questions, so you get this straight reporting the top sales, the titles, the year over year, but you don't get sort of the like.
NEUT24|What are your plans?
NEUT25|Are you thinking about making a Super Mario Brothers movie again?
NEUT26|Like they so some things that might get them news stories in a traditional cycle on another company?
NEUT27|Don't come up for Nintendo yeah, and as you can imagine that lack of reporting, it's going to give a lot of individual messages.
NEUT28|Some second thoughts before they take a position, but this is a pretty storied 40 plus billion dollar company.
BULL29|"I do think that it does deserve more investor attention, and I think that's why will get into the company, its business, and the rest of the discussion because they're enjoying quite the talent right now."""
