NEUT0|"""It sounds easy, but it's not."
NEUT1|This article represents the opinion of the writer who may disagree with the official recommendation position of a Motley Fool premium advisory service where Motley questioning and investing thesis, even one of our own, helps us all think critically about investing and make decisions that help us become smarter, happier, and richer.
BEAR2|Follow at Dancap, injure the stock market opened sharply lower on Tuesday morning as investors continued to rotate away from some of the best performers of the past year.
BEAR3|Yet over the course of the morning, major market benchmarks clawed back a good portion of their losses for the day.
BEAR4|As of 11:15 AM Eastern Standard Time, the Dow Jones industrial average, DJI Ndy, CES carrot DJ I was down 84 points to 31,437 after having been lower by more than 350 points at one stage.
BEAR5|Similarly, the S&P 500 SNPINDEX Cara Gee SPC, recovered from as much as a 70 point drop to be off just 22 points at 3855 and the NASDAQ Composite NASD AQ I Ndex Carrot I XCC trimmed its losses by more than half, although it remained down 207 points to 13,326.
BEAR6|There's a lot of worry among investors that after having rebounded so quickly and sharply from last winter's coronavirus driven bear market.
BEAR7|Now is a perfect time for another stock market crash.
NEUT8|That's always a possibility, and it's a danger that every investor has to get used to and be prepared for.
NEUT9|However, just because you're ready for a crash doesn't mean that you have to feel that level of anxiety every day.
NEUT10|There are ways to get used to investing in turbulent markets and even eventually reach a comfort level with it.
NEUT11|Image source.
NEUT12|Getty Images.
NEUT13|Don't let headlines make you afraid.
NEUT14|The first thing to remember is that if you're looking at financial news.
NEUT15|You're going to hear about all of the most extreme examples of what's going on in the stock market.
BEAR16|For instance, this morning everyone was abuzz about the massive drop in stocks in the electric vehicle industry.
BEAR17|Tesla, NASDAQ, TSLA always gets headlines no matter what's happening with the automaker, and news that Tesla shares were down as much as $95 made for a sensational reversal of fortune for the high flying auto stock.
NEUT18|Ivis also fed into the craze for special purpose acquisition companies.
BULL19|Once back announced to deal with an EV manufacturer's Churchill Capital Ivy, NYSE CCI V finally move beyond the rumor mill and inked a firm agreement with luxury EV upstart Lucid Motors.
BEAR20|Yet when that deal got announced, the stock actually plunged by nearly half from its perch above $60.00 per share.
BEAR21|Just yesterday morning, some investors seem disappointed by the size of ownership stake that dispatch received, while others simply appeared ready to sell the news of an actual deal.
BEAR22|Having picked up the share price on the pre agreement speculation, some other pockets of the market also fell sharply, giving back recent gains.
BEAR23|"But for most of the market the moves were uneventful."""
