NEUT0|"""Absolutely."
NEUT1|I think we continue to reset our expectations around the 10 year.
BULL2|And while we certainly have experienced a meaningful uptick in terms of percentage, we have to remember where we are from a historical perspective and that much of the enthusiasm around economic reopening is really been kind of coinciding with this increase in yields.
BULL3|And so while there continue to, you know, we do expect there to be some pressure as we look forward over the next several quarters on some of the hottest growth names, and particularly those that seem somewhat overvalued.
BULL4|I think in essence, you know we're looking at modest inflation over the next couple of quarters and continuing to see increased expectations for economic growth.
BULL5|I think that we're coming to terms with the fact that maybe these sell offs that we were experiencing over the last few weeks.
BULL6|Every time we had to jump in the 10 year, we're probably on warranted, given the lift that many of these particularly big tech stocks are going to have on on this economic growth that we anticipate.
NEUT7|Anastasia how how do you deal with those risks like inflation like like higher economic growth?
NEUT8|What's the strategy right now you're telling clients?
NEUT9|Yeah, I think Shannon is right there.
NEUT10|Broadly speaking, the reason why markets have not been reacting all that negatively to the fact that the 10 years now over 1.7 is because there's no new news here.
BULL11|We are expecting rates to move higher as we expect the economic growth to improve as well.
NEUT12|And generally speaking, equity markets do well in that sort of environment.
BULL13|But I will say that as the attention turns to the second quarter of this year, we're looking for inflation to pop pretty meaningfully if the core PC today is 1.5%, we could see a two point 1% print this quarter.
NEUT14|And 1.8 or so the following quarter.
NEUT15|So we're not expecting that trend to persist for years to come, but I think the market's attention is going to be very much concerned about potential inflation, surprises, and making sure that we're positioned correctly for those surprises.
BULL16|So if you'll see in the market action today, the market broadly is right around flat, but it's the financials that continue to lead on the upside because I think that's probably one of the better hedges that we have had into the environment where inflation and growth may be surprising to the upside.
NEUT17|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT18|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
