NEUT0|"""Will Nancy Pelosi become our next president?"
NEUT1|It could happen.
NEUT2|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead where you get the insights you need to help navigate this turbulent world.
NEUT3|We think the presidential election is a contest between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
NEUT4|That one or the other will be taking the oath of office on January 20, 2021.
BEAR5|But two things are coming together that could turn our world upside down, give a shocking and frightening results.
NEUT6|They are massive use of Mail in ballots and very close races in a number of states.
NEUT7|Most states using widespread Mail in ballots as a result of COVID-19 crisis don't have the experience.
NEUT8|To make such a system work in a trustworthy and efficient manner, in contrast to a state like Oregon, which has been utilizing mailings for several years.
BEAR9|That's why in the primaries held after the Corona virus hit us over 558 thousand Mail in ballots were disqualified in the general election this November.
BEAR10|That number could run into the millions, generating a tsunami of lawsuits and hotly contested states sloppy procedures concerning the distribution and collection of paper ballots.
BEAR11|Could lead to considerable fraud, which are also undermine faith in the integrity of the election process and trigger lawsuits with state outcomes, uncertain foreign intermetal time.
NEUT12|You could get a situation where neither candidate garners the necessary number of electoral votes to win when they are cast in December.
NEUT13|That's why we must consider the possible wild scenarios under the law.
NEUT14|The House Speaker is next in line for the presidency after the vice president.
NEUT15|Thus, if neither Biden, Harris or Trump Pence tickets have formally won the Electoral College by January 20, Nancy Pelosi would be next in line.
NEUT16|Or consider these scenarios if Biden and Trump come up short in the Electoral College because of disputes about outcomes in various states, then under the Constitution, the House of Representatives elect the president, but each state has one vote that is Wyoming with one representative has the same voters, California.
NEUT17|With 53 representatives, Republicans today control more delegations than the Democrats and thus could select Trump.
NEUT18|But the Senate elects the vice president.
NEUT19|If Democrats win control of the Senate, they could select Kamala Harris.
NEUT20|Thus, you could get Trump as President, and Harris is vice president.
NEUT21|Or, depending on how the races go for the House and Senate, you could end up with the reverse.
NEUT22|Biden as president and Pence as vice president.
NEUT23|These once inconceivable scenarios dramatically_the need for officials in the courts to act responsibly, such as enacting Mail in deadlines that recognized Postal Service realities, employing elementary safeguards to ensure the integrity of Mail in balance, and opening many more polling places than now planned to accommodate people who want to cast their ballots in person.
NEUT24|Otherwise recording and ugly and avoidable disaster.
NEUT25|I'm Steve Forbes.
BULL26|Thanks for listening.
BULL27|"Do send in your comments and suggestions and look forward to seeing you soon again."""
