NEUT0|"""Hello everyone and welcome back to my channel."
BEAR1|So today I'm going to be talking about why the Netflix stock dropped today.
NEUT2|Please give this video a like as it only takes not point nor not one seconds and let's jump straight into the video so the ticker symbol for the Netflix stock is NFLX the current price for the Netflix stock stands at around $477.00 in the Netflix stock price.
BEAR3|Went down by almost 10%.
BEAR4|Not a lot of people are wondering why the Netflix stock is down today and that is because Netflix recently reported that it had.
BULL5|Added more than 10 million subscribers and brought in a revenue of $6 billion.
BULL6|So a lot of people are quite confused and so Netflix reported positive second quarter earnings when these 10 million subscribers that Netflix had gained were paid so they weren't just a free trial ones.
BULL7|There's a lot of subscribers gained in such a short amount of time, and even Netflix said that the amount subscribers that they added were more than what they were anticipated.
NEUT8|But of course it makes sense, as during this lockdown.
NEUT9|Where everyone is bored and probably won't have much to do with Netflix, is a good option for people to entertain themselves.
BULL10|And Netflix is earnings were also up as well, and they were up by 24.9% in the second quarter.
BEAR11|However, Netflix predicted that these numbers would basically fall in third quarter and they do not believe that they would be able to keep in line with the amount of subscribers that they have recently gained in the second quarter due to the fact that people are going back to work way, it is safe to do so.
NEUT12|More people can go outside as social distancing is relaxed and just the fact that people no longer need to be restricted to just being in the household 24/7.
NEUT13|And here are just some of the key numbers.
BEAR14|As to what Netflix expected and watch it happened so that N is per share were 1.59 dollars versus 1.81.
BEAR15|As expected, the revenue was 6.15 billion versus 6.08 billion, which is what they expected and the global paid net subscribers additions was 10.9 million versus 8.26 million expected.
BULL16|If we have a look here at this bar chart, we can see how the amount subscribers have increased over the past two years for each of the full quarters in 2017.
BULL17|The subscriber growth was pretty consistent with the rise of subscribers in each quarter.
NEUT18|In 2018, the biggest jumps were in quarter one and quarter four in quarter two and cross three pretty much stay the same.
BULL19|But if we have a look here in 2019 quarter one because see that they gained almost 10 minutes subscribers and it dips significantly in quarter two and quarter three and quarter four, they were doing well and then in quarter one of 2020 we are bang on 10 million subscribers.
NEUT20|It will be interesting to see what quarter three actually brings and to compare this with their previous performance.
BEAR21|That is the main reason as to why the Netflix stock went down.
NEUT22|Another possible reason as to why Netflix might not have as many subscribers or users in quarter three is because it could be to do with the fact that a lot of people tried out there one month free trial, but then they did not actually sign up for paid accounts, and that could explain and perhaps distinguish their subscribers who just signed up for the free trials to those pay subscribers.
NEUT23|That is just something to think about, and could be a possibility.
BULL24|Nevertheless, Netflix is still on the top would be one of the most attractive companies for streaming platforms as they compete with their competitor, Amazon Prime.
BULL25|I think that Netflix just got a boost subscribers because of the lock down.
BULL26|And then obviously hooked in new users.
BEAR27|I mean, even if they're paid subscribers, an earnings are less or perhaps take a dip in quarter three and do things that will eventually level off at this just to spite for the company.
NEUT28|Netflix as a whole will do well for a long time until something else, place out of course, but for now the Netflix stock just took a hit because of the forecast, so that is it for today's video.
NEUT29|"Please give this video a like as it only takes a couple seconds and subscribe for more daily content and enjoy the rest of the day."""
