NEUT0|"""Tata Group and Jubilant Foodworks are eyeing for Cafe Coffee Day groups."
NEUT1|Hot beverage vending machine business Asper reports Coffee Day Enterprises is a 90% subsidiary of Coffee Day Global.
NEUT2|The steel to salt conglomerate is expected to acquire the business through its starter consumer product entity, as the board has reportedly approved the proposal.
NEUT3|The company also runs a joint venture with Starbucks Corp.
NEUT4|In India, while jubilant Foodworks already owns the franchise for Domino's and Dunkin' Donuts in India, C City is also reportedly seeking rupees 2000 crore for its business.
BULL5|Warburg Pincus, Goldman Sachs, and Blackstone are also interested in the vertical as per reports, Blackstone had already partnered to acquire coffee, Date groups Office Park in Bangaluru.
BULL6|Rupees 2700 crore earlier this year, CDL had announced to repay Rupees 16144 crore to its 13 lenders in March.
NEUT7|It has also sold CDL stake in IT firm 932 L&T Infotech after the sudden demise founder Weegy Siddharta in July 2019, the Coffee Day Group has been selling assets to repay the Lenders Coffee Day is looking to induct strategic and financial.
NEUT8|Partners for the group's hot beverage vending machine business deliberations are at an early stage, but the potential suitors might submit expression of interest soon.
BEAR9|See City had shut down around 280 outlets in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, but the number of vending machines went up to over 59,100 units in Q1, FY20 from over 49,300 year on year.
NEUT10|Some of the competitors in the market include HUL and Nestle and startups like Chai Point.
NEUT11|It is rare to get information that is tailor made for you in this era of clutter.
NEUT12|Moneycontrol, India's number One Financial destination, has launched Moneycontrol Pro, an ad free premium service that offers you subscribers curated markets data.
NEUT13|Exclusive trading recommendations.
BULL14|An actionable investment ideas which help you stay on top of your game in less than a year, Moneycontrol show has become India's fastest growing subscription service with more than 1.2 lack active subscribers and growing by the minute we are grateful to all our loyal users for making money Control Pro and undisputed leader in its category with several copper Giants subscribing in large numbers for their employees.
NEUT15|Subscribe today.
NEUT16|"For a seamless, uninterrupted access to a gamut of business and financial information, be approved with money Control Pro."""
