NEUT0|"""What's up YouTube?"
NEUT1|Today I wanted to talk about Disney stock and why I think it's in a huge opportunity to grow.
NEUT2|So if you haven't already hit the subscribe button, drop a like on the video and let's dive into this.
NEUT3|As I'm sure most of you are aware, Disney started to distribute its most iconic entertainment brands through its new at home streaming service.
BULL4|Disney Plus, and after only 12 months, they've already hit their five year target range of 60 to 90 million subscribers.
BULL5|And even though they're facing some problems right now because of the global situation, I think they can surpass Netflix in the streaming service and provide long term value to investors.
NEUT6|And here's why.
BEAR7|Currently, they suspended their 3 billion in annual dividends, and I think if they suspend it permanently, they can redirect all that capital towards content production, which would create an opportunity that could completely change the company.
BULL8|I think this is likely to happen because they just announced that their plan is to reorganize the company to put a major focus on improving their Disney plus streaming service.
NEUT9|This includes changing their release plan for their current content and the content that they're already working on.
BULL10|In addition, they've already been producing some of the most iconic and best performing content that the world is seen.
BULL11|This is a huge advantage in my opinion against Netflix, because Netflix is pretty new to the content creation when you compare it to Disney's history.
NEUT12|Recently they release a stat that shows that 50% of households with kids that are 10 years and younger already have a subscription to Disney Plus.
NEUT13|And now many of you know that all the nostalgia from your childhood is something that you try to implement into your adulthood, and you also try to pass on to your kids and with the population continuing to grow.
NEUT14|And Disney having such an impact on children, it's only a matter of time before they have a bigger grasp on our culture and the way we parent.
NEUT15|I'm sure many of you have seen children walking around grocery stores with iPads or parents using iPads to parent their children, and a lot of Times Now these children are watching Disney plus so more and more of their day is spent watching Disney Plus and that brand is seeping into their brain.
NEUT16|And when Netflix being so new most of their impact on our culture is Netflix and Chill.
NEUT17|This doesn't even compare to the impact that Disney has had on our culture and the way we parents.
NEUT18|So as these future generations continue to grow old and pass this content onto their own children, I think it's only become more and more prominent in our culture.
NEUT19|And when you hold such a strong place in the culture, I think it becomes impossible for the company not to grow.
BULL20|In addition, Disney Plus is still relatively new when you compare it to Netflix, so I think they have a lot of room for improvement.
NEUT21|And now that you can get Disney plus package with Hulu and ESPN, it rounds up everybody in the family.
NEUT22|You've got kids.
NEUT23|Adults and even the husband is going to have stuff to watch under this one subscription.
BULL24|And as Disney continues to plow through the deal with Comcast about the remaining stake in Hulu, I think it's only going to grow bigger.
NEUT25|And who could even be chapter of Disney plus?
BULL26|So in my opinion as Disney starts to get their other businesses back on their feet and they start to focus more on the streaming service by releasing it in more and more countries, I think there's a lot of long term value for investors.
NEUT27|If you have any other opinions on Disney stock, drop it in the comments below.
NEUT28|If you learn something in this video, drop a like on it.
NEUT29|If you want to subscribe for more subscribe for more.
BULL30|"Thanks for watching so brave."""
