BEAR0|"""For a stock market to crash, prices must fall."
BEAR1|That is obvious, but what if stocks rise in the value of money falls?
NEUT2|Is that a crash?
NEUT3|If the value of money drops 30% but the market rises a little, is that a bull market?
NEUT4|Not many people would argue against the premise that it is the Federal Reserve's liquidity actions that have levitated the US stock market.
BEAR5|Sadly, in an attempt to keep the whole economy from imploding, it has inflated stock asset values to ridiculous levels.
NEUT6|Jay Powell, the Fed chairman, made it clear in a recent interview that they were committed to supporting the US economy into protecting it from the effects of anti covid measures for as long as necessary and for as much as needed and clearly indicated that would be for a long time.
NEUT7|This is the trend of that Federal Reserve support sad face chart courtesy of the Federal Reserve's website.
NEUT8|This QE or however you want to brand this liquidity provision liquidity equals cash provision equals printing assets that turn into money is clearly going to run and run for a long time because every time the Fed slackens it's swapping of fresh.
BEAR9|Government backed quality assets for other peoples Sketchier assets down flops.
NEUT10|The stock market and then up pops more QE to keep the market from crashing.
NEUT11|Hindenburg like in flames when the Fed tapered in 2019 down went the market and crash went peripheral global economies as U.S. dollars were sucked from the global economic plumbing, the US and the world economy is hooked on the Federal Reserve's money printing by swapping Golden government debt for other parties.
NEUT12|Riskier, perhaps very risky.
BULL13|That the Fed Yanks the world's dodgy assets holders out of the mire by their hair, thus avoiding a spiral of insolvency.
BEAR14|The potential damage of that terrifying come up and says what Sparks all bailouts allowing broken companies and economies to stagger on most likely towards even greater fragility.
NEUT15|The weird thing is this.
NEUT16|If these liquidity operations keep going on, the Federal Reserve will in effect on all its citizens homes in all its creditworthy and not so creditworthy corporate debt and thus have liens on most of the economic assets of its citizens and producers.
NEUT17|It will have an effect nationalized, though probably by accident.
NEUT18|The country having bought it with government paper.
BEAR19|However, if it brings this process to a halt, the market will crash in, everyone will instantly be a lot poorer, while if it carries on at some point it will glut the market for its paper up will go interest rates and down will go.
BEAR20|The value of bonds and the reality of a much poorer economy will bite.
NEUT21|However, it seems that the Federal Reserve is not going to let the stock market crash, whatever the outcome.
BULL22|"But if a dollar in 2023 or 2024 by significantly less in the market hasn't rocketed accordingly, you are getting your reset in a chronic way rather than through an acute event of a 30% retrenchment in your portfolio."""
