BEAR0|"""Amazon has started the new year by going on a bit of a buying spree."
NEUT1|It's buying up nearly a dozen used jets from Boeing, and Emily McCormick has been following this story for us and Emily, you know, I. I found it.
BEAR2|Very interesting Amazon buying up all of these jets at a time when traditional airlines are actually shrinking their fleets, because demand for travel is is drying up.
BULL3|That's right, Alexis and Amazon likely trying to capitalize here on the lower prices it can command, because again, there is lower demand for air travel, so Amazon probably swooping in here and getting these aircraft at a pretty good deal.
BULL4|But this announcement is significant because it marks Amazon's first ever purchases of aircraft to add to its fleet.
NEUT5|Until now, Amazon had really been leasing from other carriers and airlines and other operators in order to build out its air cargo operations.
NEUT6|But now Amazon is actually purchasing these.
NEUT7|For in a house now specifically, Amazon purchased a total of 11 used Boeing 7673 hundred aircraft that included seven from Delta Airlines, an 4 from WestJet Airlines.
NEUT8|Now those WestJet aircraft need to be converted to cargo planes from passenger jets currently, so those will begin flying in Amazon's fleet later this year, while those from Delta will start flying for Amazon in 2022.
BULL9|Now Amazon actually has been building up its air cargo capabilities over the past year.
NEUT10|Now if we look back to actually June 2020.
NEUT11|The company had also leased a dozen of these same Boeing aircraft from air Transport Services Group, which at the time had brought Amazons fleet to more than 80.
BEAR12|So Amazon really positioning itself here as a competitor to some of the companies that it has previously been using in order to actually have these air delivery services, and I'm thinking about UPS specifically, we are seeing shares of UPS actually lower today on the news of Amazon's new purchases, and today if we think about some of the other partnerships that Amazon has had in the past.
BEAR13|Remember that back in 2019, FedEx had actually cut ties with Amazon on both the air and the ground cargo delivery sides of the business.
BULL14|So really here Amazon becoming more of a competitor to some of these incumbent delivery players, and it's something I think that we should watch as we head into this new year, Alexis.
BULL15|"Alright thanks Emily."""
