NEUT0|"""Is difficult, I mean obviously a lot of comparisons are being made."
NEUT1|You know initially with that you know this is a health crisis and so we were first looking at stars and then it became very clear that this was a health crisis of a much larger going to have a much larger impact to the global economy.
NEUT2|And of course it's slightly different for that financial crisis in the problems are directly with companies and demand and simultaneous demand and supply shocks are not, you know, a problem with the banks.
NEUT3|Yet I want to ask about the amount of debt.
NEUT4|That's now being thrown at the system that the view is from policymakers that there's no point penny pinching.
NEUT5|At this point, the system needs help.
NEUT6|Let's just open the taps and stimulate.
NEUT7|But look at the US Treasury market.
BEAR8|They've been some concerns that perhaps debt levels might be moving too rapidly.
NEUT9|You've seen that that Spike in the yield, for instance, the US 10 year Treasury yield in Italy.
BEAR10|We've seen some strains in that market as well.
BEAR11|Do we need to be concerned about bond vigilantes at some point when we're throwing so much money at the system for what a lot of people say could be a short term problem.
BEAR12|Exactly, I mean, if you think about economies that are in lock down, they're going to have short, sharp recessions.
NEUT13|But yeah, come back fairly fairly quickly, but in terms of getting businesses and households across, you know we talk about these bridging loans and loan guarantees to get businesses to survive.
NEUT14|And that short term period, we do need a lot of money for it at the system.
NEUT15|And you know what we're seeing is those economies with high debt levels, particularly that don't have their own central bank.
NEUT16|I Italy, you know they are looking slightly more.
NEUT17|Vulnerable, but you know, in this case it is needed.
NEUT18|Here I'm doing a lot of comparing 2008 and 2020 today just because of my juxtaposition near the old European headquarters of Lemons at 25 Bank St behind me.
BULL19|And one thing I keep hearing is that the banks are safe.
NEUT20|The banks are solid, the banks are not the problem.
NEUT21|This time they can be part of the solution to quote Mark Carney as well, but how safe can the banks being?
NEUT22|I don't want to get anyone in terror where there isn't a terrible terrifying story, but the fact the matter is everything we're talking about is talking about increasing counterparty risk.
BEAR23|For the banks and potentially saving off their business model and hurting their net interest margins as well.
NEUT24|Just how safe are the banks this time round exactly?
BULL25|I mean, you know banks are a lot better capitalized than previously.
BULL26|You know they've definitely learned a lot of lessons from the financial crisis.
NEUT27|They hit with this double whammy so you know lower lower interest rates from central banks means there, you know, hit on the net interest margin side and also if you're a bank why would you lend at this point given the default risk so you know it's a difficult situation for for the banks.
NEUT28|It's very difficult to say how much the risk is really going to be taken from the individual companies to banks and what governments are trying to do is effectively said, no, we'll just the government will take a risk.
NEUT29|Hi, I'm Joanna Barsacchi and thank you for watching.
NEUT30|You can check out more of our videos by clicking on the boxes on the screen and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more from CNBC International.
BULL31|"Thank you for watching."""
