BULL0|"""Things are always moving forward."
NEUT1|Sarah Ann.
BULL2|You know we're excited about it, then Tilray got their numbers out last week, which were very good and the teams have been working together to, you know, put the companies together.
NEUT3|We have filed with the SEC the proxy waiting for you know our comments back and hopefully we'll start a mailing and we're ready to go.
BULL4|These two businesses together will create the largest retail sales cannabis company in the world with great footprints in your upgrade footprints in Canada.
NEUT5|And the business in the US and, you know, will be ready when legalization happens in the US.
NEUT6|And with our balance sheet with our knowledge and you know with that we just want to get this done and move forward.
NEUT7|Brandon, we just showed GameStop which is moving again.
BULL8|Cannabis stocks did get swept into the retail mania a bit and did get some love on the Reddit boards.
NEUT9|What's it like watching your stock price which has been on an even crazier ride than normal for cannabis?
BEAR10|Yeah, there was a bit of a bit of PTSD.
NEUT11|Based on experience I had back in September 19th.
NEUT12|2018 to to go through it again.
NEUT13|Someone someone described it as post traumatic short disorder and so you know we try not to pay attention to day-to-day volatility.
NEUT14|I've been in this industry for 11 years and I really take along a Longview and and that's really what led us to this combination.
BULL15|That combined company will have a leadership position in Canada, leadership position in a great foundation for a massive market in Europe.
NEUT16|And foothold and foundation for whatever comes in terms of legalization in the US.
NEUT17|When, how hopeful are you that full legalization comes comes through in the US in the foreseeable future?
NEUT18|Is this still a 510 year type event?
NEUT19|Listen, Wilbert, 10 years out I I'm not sure I. I hope it's in the next two to three years.
BULL20|But even without legalization, you know we'll have a great business in Canada.
NEUT21|You know, Europe, which you know you know you're quite well with.
NEUT22|Over 600,000,000 people will have a strong international business in the medical business.
NEUT23|There, you know, I'm a big believer that legalization may happen in Germany and Portugal and some other countries before the US and will be one of the largest cannabis company in the medical world in.
NEUT24|In Europe, in regards to the US listen, we have a great you know beverage, alcohol, business and Sweetwater, Beer Manitoba Harvest.
NEUT25|We will look at other acquisitions in in the USI think the Safe Bank and I think medical cannabis will legalize here over the next couple of years.
BULL26|I think there's going to be an opportunity ship product from Canada into the US from a medical standpoint and with the Safe Banking Act that will bring lots of dollars and the big thing is, you know with the free artillery combination.
NEUT27|You know will will be.
BULL28|You know, the only company out there in the cannabis that has a footprint throughout the global part of the world and we'll be able to do something in the US once we know what we can do.
NEUT29|And right now, listen, there's a lot of unknown.
NEUT30|What will happen in the US but will have the balance sheet will have the knowledge.
NEUT31|Will have.
BULL32|The brands will have the technology to be able to make a major impact once legalization happens.
NEUT33|So I say full legalization in the next two to three years over.
NEUT34|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT35|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
