NEUT0|"""OK, so today I'm letting you know about 3 very cheap penny stocks that are all seeing some very high returns at not a lot of people know about them today is mainly going to be focused on energy."
BEAR1|This is just a huge sector blowing up in 2021 and the penny stocks that are seeing the most returns from that.
NEUT2|And finally we're talking about a gold mining penny stock that is just started going up like crazy.
BULL3|And it's something we've been making a lot of money on over the past few months.
BULL4|Alright guys, thank you for joining me alongside the best penny stocks on the market right now.
NEUT5|Before we get started, markets are so green in April so be sure you leave a like on the video to keep that good momentum going and let's get right into it here with the number 3 for today.
NEUT6|It's called Uranium Energy Corp. Their stock ticker is UEC even though it's just a penny stock.
BULL7|Last week it announced a huge fund raising deal and it's slowly becoming one of the biggest uranium companies in America are currently already extracting uranium all over the world, but they're expanding really, really fast.
BULL8|An analyst rate this stuck as a very strong buy right now because it's necessary.
NEUT9|Studies have shown with some very public data that over fifty percent of America 's clean energy is actually nuclear energy and to dive a little bit more in depth about this, we essentially need stocks like this.
NEUT10|To make the shift into wind and solar energy.
BULL11|So you EC is definitely going up a ton in stock price right now.
BULL12|It's definitely something you should be looking at, and it's also backed by a lot of great analyst with high returns all right.
BULL13|Moving on to kind of a similar uranium stock trading at just one dollar, but it could go up a lot more than the other one.
NEUT14|The target is Denison Mines Corp. Their stock ticker is DNN and this stuff does also have a lot of big interesting things coming up for it in the near future.
BULL15|So it's another mining and energy company based out of Canada, and they've just successfully secured two and a half million pounds.
NEUT16|Uranium concentrates and with the ever increasing price per pound of this kind of uranium currently sitting at about $30, a lot of people are looking at this stock of right now, and for good reason.
NEUT17|Alternative energy penny stocks will likely be very relevant for the next four years.
BULL18|Obviously, with this $2 trillion infrastructure plan from the Biden administration, analyst opinions do seem mainly positive about this stock and a ton of people are getting into this stock right now because the values could go up a ton more.
BULL19|All right moving on to our #1 penny stock of the day, this one is another big one.
BULL20|It's a gold company and these have essentially been very, very profitable and we've been making a lot of money on this as well.
NEUT21|So this stock right here is called Harmony gold mining.
NEUT22|Their stock ticker is hmy.
BEAR23|This stock has just seen an insane amount of gains and it's trading up to $5 right now simply because of the inflation we've seen during the pandemic.
BULL24|And the price of gold is going up by a lot.
NEUT25|And this just happens to be one of those companies that can pump out an insane amount of gold very quickly.
NEUT26|But now at an even higher price, their financials are actually really solid, but mainly what we're looking at is their current total assets.
BULL27|These are up by a lot, and it's very important for gold mining company that originally based in South Africa.
NEUT28|But now they're expanding all over the world, which is pretty evident.
NEUT29|So one thing I'll mention right now, that's X rated.
BULL30|This stock as a strong sell.
NEUT31|And this was right around the time where bio stocks in January were just starting to pick up.
NEUT32|But obviously, after the recent market correction, now people are starting to look at gold stocks a lot more.
NEUT33|So Hmy is definitely one of the most solid ones that you can actually buy for.
BULL34|Not a lot of money, and it's actually expanding really fast, so you might be able to get a good Buck or two out of its.
NEUT35|However, none of these should be considered as financial advice or recommendations.
NEUT36|It simply are educated opinion on the stock market and if you want to catch these amazing opportunities directly when they come up, be sure you're subscribed to the channel because we create them every single day.
NEUT37|And if you made it all the way to the end of this video, I highly appreciated and I recommend you watch a couple more videos just to stay up to date on the stock market.
NEUT38|"And then I'll see you in the next one."""
