NEUT0|"""Today's video is going to be about a long term stock play company that I'm really excited about."
NEUT1|I currently have them in My Portfolio and I plan on adding to that position over the next few weeks.
NEUT2|Companies Penn National Gaming ticker, Penn Sports Gambling federally is legal, but now it's up to states to individually legalize it state by state.
BEAR3|Currently 18 out of the 50 states have it legal with this covid pandemic happening where the states are lacking revenue sources.
BULL4|I think it's a great move for them now to pass this legislation to legalize gambling so they can tax it.
NEUT5|Back in January of 2020, Penn National Gaming purchased a 36% stake in Barstool Sports and the thinking behind that was they were going to develop a sports betting app.
NEUT6|Partnered with Barstool Sports.
NEUT7|I think that because people will be going out to a sporting events and supporting their teams for one because of the Covid virus that they want to be at risk of transmission and #2 because there's going to be a number of seats at all these venues.
NEUT8|The ticket prices are going to go through the roof so I think that people are going to be looking for ways to be engaged in sports like they were before when they were attending the games.
NEUT9|Possibly an I think that people are going to be sitting at home and you know instead of spending.
NEUT10|But they would have spent, you know, if you want dollars on tickets to go to these football games, basketball games, baseball games, instead, I think they're going to be, you know, pull up their app and do a few taps on their app and boom, Now they're invested in the game and they have, you know, 10 bucks in it, or 20 bucks and they're still saving all the money that they could have spent on going to the games.
NEUT11|Dave Portnoy was able to take a business where he was making Gambolling newspapers in his parents basement, handing him out and subways to now worries that in 2020 over $450 million valuation company with millions of followers throughout the world.
NEUT12|Dave Portnoy spoke about being acquired by Penn National Gaming in the partnership in the future.
NEUT13|He said gambling has been part of what we've been doing for two decades.
NEUT14|I've been working with the draft Kings and FanDuel since they were invented.
NEUT15|Nobody knows this space better than us nobody.
NEUT16|We have had this rabid rabid audience craving it and I'd argue that no one really knows his audience better than Portnoy to show the growth that we're looking at in the future for sports betting, Morgan Stanley Research shows that by 2025 the market is projected to reach 8 billion.
BULL17|Oh, that's up from.
NEUT18|The year 2019, where it was only 120,000,000 projection was based on the fact that Morgan Stanley's predicting that by 2025 are gonna have 36 states that will have legalized sports gambling a little bit about Penn National Gaming.
NEUT19|They operate in 19 states.
NEUT20|They have 41 properties.
BEAR21|They have currently reopened 30 out of their 41 casinos that have been closed due to Cove in not so much interested in Penn National's physical presence.
NEUT22|I'm more interested in capitalizing this trend that I believe is going to happen where people are going to shift from physically going to casinos to, you know, sitting at home and doing bets.
NEUT23|So I'm playing on this generational change in gambling that we're going to see, I believe.
NEUT24|"For the next 5-10 years."""
