BEAR0|"""The euro is increasingly being shunned by investors and is not a well loved currency with the EU's economic performance badly blighted by the ongoing pandemic, not least Emmanuel Makron's decision to impose a new three week lockdown in France."
BEAR1|Jeremy Thompson Cook, chief economist at international business payments specialist, equals money, was speaking at a time when countries throughout the EU 27 as the 19 states which are also members of the eurozone, are struggling to contain a third wave of COVID-19.
BULL2|Their progress has been Hanford by the block sluggish vaccine rollout, which has seen 16.54 doses administered per EU citizen.
BEAR3|As of yesterday, less than 1/3 of the UK's total 51.58.
BEAR4|Mr. Thompson Cook said the euro is not a particularly well loved currency at the moment.
BEAR5|Investors have started to shun the single currency based on its economic or healthcare response to the pandemic, which is sadly lagging well behind those in the UK and U.
NEUT6|Until there is further clarity on either economic stimulus or a vaccine program that is fit for purpose, those in currency markets will happily put their money elsewhere.
NEUT7|He added with a new four week lockdown, hitting France from Saturday.
NEUT8|There is little wonder that the euro cannot find a bid at the moment.
BEAR9|The decision by the Makran Government to essentially shutting the country for a month, including schools going into the Easter Holidays, has highlighted the disparity in progress against the virus between France and the US UK.
BEAR10|Inflation data yesterday also failed to hold the euro higher without data or vaccine support.
NEUT11|There is little reason to hold the single currency if you don't need to.
BULL12|Sterling gained about four point 8% versus the euro in the first quarter of the year, which analysts attributed mostly to the UK's rapid vaccine rollout, one of the fastest in the world, as well as relief at the start of the year that a no deal Brexit had been avoided.
BEAR13|Euro Sterling's downward trajectory stalled a little today after it came close to, but did not breach the key 0.85 value in the previous session.
BEAR14|Lee Hardman, currency analyst at M Ufg, said there's maybe some initial disappointment that we haven't broken those key levels.
BULL15|But generally, the fundamental economic data from the UK is still coming in on the strong side of expectations.
BULL16|We're penciling in the outperformance, continuing through the next quarter.
NEUT17|Stewart Kohl, chief macro strategist at Equity Capital in London, added if things carry on the way they are now.
BULL18|I think we could see EU are GBP trading around 83 P by the end of the year, but revised manufacturing survey showed that British factories wrote a wave of orders in March and prepared for a gradual reopening of the economy from COVID-19 shutdowns by hiring staff at the fastest rate since 2014.
BEAR19|As of 11.08 GMT, the pound was flat against the dollar at 1.3776 dollars.
BULL20|Versus the euro.
BEAR21|It was down around Zero Point 1% at 85.2 people Euro.
BULL22|UBS said in a note that it favors Sterling versus the dollar and had raised its forecast for Sterling dollar to $1.49 by the end of the year from $1.46.
NEUT23|"Lockdown restrictions are gradually being lifted in England, with more substantial changes including the reopening of nonessential retail and outdoor hospitality settings do on April 12."""
