NEUT0|"""What are some of the ways you find new stocks and what are some recent examples?"
NEUT1|Yeah, it's a great question.
NEUT2|I think there are a lot of different ways you can come up with ideas and a lot of what I do every day I go through and I run screens.
NEUT3|Actually looking for companies based on certain qualifiers.
NEUT4|How's the revenue growth or or valuation multiples that is trading on or insider ownership?
NEUT5|Any of those things we can put screens together to find companies that fit those criteria and then also it's just reading keeping up with current events in the news and what's going on, understand trends and technology.
NEUT6|That's another way to kind of get some ideas there.
NEUT7|Following other fund managers that you admire.
NEUT8|You can get some ideas, things that they're looking at, but a couple of examples recently actually running a screen for Tom Gardner and trying to find some ideas for him and screamed at her and came up with with the company.
NEUT9|I think everybody's heard of to some degree in Under Armour as sort of the junior to Nike at this point, but a lot of exciting things of that company is doing and still looks like a very interesting investment today.
NEUT10|Another company that also came up on the screen was clean Harbors, which is.
BULL11|I've been covered here around full HQ a little bit and it's a company that works in hazmat environmental cleanup stuff like that that not a lot of other companies can really do, so very attractive company from a barrier to entry position.
BULL12|They have great competitive advantages there, and two companies that I've been digging further into.
NEUT13|So talk about that digging further into so you find your running screen and you find Under Armour.
NEUT14|It fits various criteria that you've set out in your.
NEUT15|Valuations or whatever, so basically.
NEUT16|Quantitative data run the screens you come up with Under Armour.
NEUT17|Where do you go from there to see?
NEUT18|A lot of a lot of.
NEUT19|Once I've come up to an idea that I feel like fits.
NEUT20|This is sort of picture of what I'm looking for.
NEUT21|As long as there aren't any glaring disqualifiers like lawsuits or management problems or a shrinking market or something like that.
NEUT22|The next step for me is to really start digging into the SEC documents, go through the company's annual report, the 10K you go through something like a 10K, and you're going to be able to get a description of the business you're going to get an idea of what they do, the markets that they're addressing, strategies that they're undertaking.
NEUT23|"Start looking through their quarterly reports that Enqueues."""
