NEUT0|"""Hey fools Motley Fool contributor Steve Symington here and I'm going to talk about Berkshire Hathaway specifically."
NEUT1|One reason that I don't own shares of Berkshire in my own personal portfolio now.
BULL2|Keep in mind, I've written extensively about Berkshire Hathaway and Warren Buffett and my other companies, and I actually believe that the stock is going to continue to outperform the market.
BEAR3|It may not outperform.
BULL4|It definitely.
NEUT5|Won't.
BULL6|Even Warren Buffett admits this that it won't outperform quite as much as it has been was able to in the early years.
NEUT7|Just sheerly because of virtual Hathaway's massive size.
NEUT8|And as a result, the big reason that I don't own Berkshire Hathaway is because I prefer much smaller company instead amarkhel, it's often referred to as a mini Berkshire because it follows much the same business model as Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway does as a financial holding company and Markel as it stands, compresses around 18% of my personal portfolio.
BULL9|Actually, I added to that position recently as well, and I told you when I did that.
NEUT10|But right now she is a Markel.
BEAR11|I believe we're undervalued.
NEUT12|They sit around 1.2 times book value.
NEUT13|For the record, Berkshire shares sit around 1.37 and yes, they are fundamentally a little bit different in the way they run in.
BULL14|There may be a buffet premium attached there, but I think Markelle stands reward shareholders down the road as well and in addition, it's worth noting that even Tom Gaynor, who stands at the helm of Markel's investment operations, believes Berkshire Hathaway will outperform as well.
NEUT15|In fact, as of the end of last quarter.
NEUT16|Shares of Berkshire Hathaway comprised more than 12% of Markel's equities portfolio that was far and away the largest position that Tom Gaynor holds for Markel.
NEUT17|So, in a way, I'm actually indirectly exposed to Berkshire Hathaway anyway, even though I don't own shares in my own portfolio, I may purchase shares of Berkshire down the road, say perhaps if I want to have access to a one of its annual shareholder meetings, which are quite the event for those of you who kept track.
BULL18|But for now, I'm perfectly happy, happy owning shares of Markel.
NEUT19|"So there you have it full off."""
