BEAR0|"""Digital glitches, one after the next."
NEUT1|We're continuing to follow breaking news right now.
BEAR2|United Airlines has grounded planes nationwide right now here at the New York Stock Exchange, trading has suddenly been halted.
NEUT3|This is what you see when you try to go to the Wall Street Journal website.
BEAR4|First United Airlines grounding its fleet worldwide planes at a standstill for more than an hour due to a computer problem.
BEAR5|Next at 11:32 AM trading halted at the New York Stock Exchange.
BEAR6|Business has stopped here at the New York Stock Exchange, the epicenter of the financial universe, issuing a statement we're currently experiencing a technical issue that we're working to resolve as quickly as possible.
BEAR7|By noon, the Wall Street Journal Online had a problem.
BEAR8|A 504 error message greeted visitors to the Journal's home page.
NEUT9|So were they all connected?
NEUT10|It doesn't look that way at the present moment, we have no indication that any of these glitches are connected other than it just being a very bad day.
NEUT11|The Department of Homeland Security tells CNN there are no signs of malicious activity, at least when it comes to the NYSE and United Airlines.
BEAR12|United says it was a failure of equipment.
BEAR13|A router that went bad.
BULL14|It fixed the router and things got back to normal.
BEAR15|If you can call it that, airline experts say, this morning's glitch is causing backups that could ripple into tomorrow.
BEAR16|The NYSE says the trading halt was a technical issue, not a cyber breach, but it raises serious questions about the systems vulnerability, just like 20 tens flash crash which pushed a trillion dollars in equity into a freefall in a matter of seconds, before rebounding moments later.
NEUT17|I would imagine people are trying to affect these systems constantly.
NEUT18|What these glitches kind of illustrate is that their technology is not in fact bulletproof.
NEUT19|The New York Stock Exchange, an United Airlines and other carriers, or.
NEUT20|Operators of this caliber are going to be vulnerable to anyone who's willing to spend enough money to get vulnerabilities that will affect them even if these technical glitches are just that, the cost of doing business in the modern era, the public's trust is at stake.
NEUT21|"Laurie Segall, CNN Money, New York."""
