NEUT0|"""Price patterns can help investors identify potential entry points, established price targets and time exit points."
NEUT1|In this video, we'll look at charts of four reversal price patterns, double and triple bottoms, and double and triple tops.
NEUT2|Like the name implies, a reversal price pattern forms at the end of a trend.
NEUT3|When this type of price pattern forms, investors may anticipate the stocks.
BEAR4|Trend could reverse direction.
NEUT5|Let's look at each pattern starting with the two bullish reversal patterns.
NEUT6|Double and triple bottoms.
NEUT7|These patterns form at the end of a downtrend, a double bottom pattern forms when a stock test support twice and then breaks above resistance.
NEUT8|Notice how the stock chart line resembles a WA triple.
NEUT9|Bottom is similar to the double Bottom Accepted test support three times before breaking above resistance with both the double and triple bottom price patterns.
BULL10|Some investors consider a break above resistance to be an entry point.
NEUT11|Additionally, some investors may use the height of the pattern to projector.
NEUT12|Price target and might even set a stop order below support though exactly how far below would depend on their individual risk tolerance.
NEUT13|Let's look at an example of how an investor might apply a triple bottom.
NEUT14|Suppose a stock test support three times at $50 and then breaks above resistance at $52.
NEUT15|The breakout confirms the triple bottom and the investor sets an entry point with the price target of $54.00 and a stop order below the $50 support level now.
NEUT16|Let's move on and look at the bearish versions of these patterns.
NEUT17|Not surprisingly, they are known as double and triple tops.
NEUT18|These patterns form at the end of an uptrend, a double top forms when a stock test resistance twice and then breaks below support, the pattern forms a shape like the letter M. With a triple top, a stock test resistance three times before breaking below support investors could use either a double or triple top pattern to determine a potential exit point for a bullish trade or to enter a short position when the stock breaks below support.
NEUT19|For a short position, the height of the pattern commonly provides a price target and the stop order is often above resistance.
NEUT20|For example, suppose a stock test resistant three times at $100 and then breaks below support and $95.
NEUT21|This break confirms the triple top signaling a potential exit for a long position or an entry signal for a short position if entering a short position, the investor could set a price target at $90.00 based on the height of the pattern in place to stop water above resistance reversal price patterns like double and triple tops and double and triple bottoms.
NEUT22|Can help investors plan potential entry points, price targets, and exit points, but this is more of an art than an exact science.
NEUT23|Many factors can cause a stock's price to move in an unexpected direction.
NEUT24|For example, say a stock completes a double bottom ahead of a company's quarterly earnings report when the earnings are released.
BEAR25|The news isn't good and the stock plummets.
BEAR26|Because of this bad news, the entry signal created by the price pattern would have been false.
NEUT27|That's why it's important to consider other factors or look for confirmation signals before placing a trade.
BULL28|"Combining multiple forms of technical analysis with reversal price patterns can be a more effective approach than relying on price patterns alone."""
