NEUT0|"""And I had a question for you."
NEUT1|I don't know if you've seen this note from Rafaat at Evercore ISI.
NEUT2|I guess you know we got some data here from this trial.
NEUT3|38,000 patients from the trial you're talking about where there was 19 of the 11125 participants in the fives or trial who had prior covid before entering the study.
NEUT4|Got reinfected?
NEUT5|An he's talking about sort of wondering about that Anne about reinfection rates because we really don't have a lot of data on that you have any insight at all for us?
NEUT6|Or is it something we should at least be aware of?
NEUT7|Well, I thought that note from Umar was was incredibly interesting because one of the things that clinical trials do for us as they give us these controlled settings are really following what happens with people with covid, and so this wasn't something that was related to the vaccine, but it is a way of trying to better understand the rates of reinfection with this disease, and it showed that you know it isn't.
NEUT8|It's rare, but it's not as rare as we might think.
NEUT9|You know, we hear about a case here.
NEUT10|We hear about a case there.
NEUT11|Well, in this trial we heard about several cases in trial of 44,000 people.
NEUT12|So trying to understand those rates, it was interesting because of course he was looking at the split between those on vaccine and those on placebo, and we know the vaccine after two shots protects with 95% efficacy against getting the disease.
NEUT13|But they found that within the first shot in the second shot they did see cases of reinfection as well, and so it was just a way to better understand this disease.
NEUT14|In these trials will be so useful, for that you'll make Jim Martin thinks I'm kind of confused about culture like Canada is usually way behind the US when it approves something that UK too.
NEUT15|I know that you could say, well, Gemma, what's today what's do all day is 3000 people dead?
NEUT16|Whi?
NEUT17|Is the United States after Canada?
NEUT18|What is taking so long?
BEAR19|Is it because the president's busy sending us emails like I just got?
NEUT20|We will never surrender.
NEUT21|We will never win or the FDA just says, look, you know we got to spend even more time on this and everybody else.
NEUT22|I don't understand the few days to weigh in and in an era where 3000 people are dying, which is the same that died on 9/11.
BEAR23|Yeah, the numbers are just awful.
NEUT24|What we've heard from the FDA is that they needed to do their own analysis of all of the data from these trials, so really breaking it apart and putting together those briefing documents that we saw on Tuesday and then to have this open forum today to show the transparency and the rigor with which they they look at these things.
NEUT25|And so they said, it just did take this long to get to this point, and they say they will act quickly, but they also point out there is hesitancy among people in this country to get vaccinated.
NEUT26|And they hope that by making this so public and showing.
BULL27|How strongly they adhere to scientific rigor that they will convince people if they give the green light that this vaccine is safe and that it works.
NEUT28|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT29|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
