NEUT0|"""Bitcoin, what's your prediction in the next 10 years?"
NEUT1|Apart?
NEUT2|Not predict, but again, you're not predicted.
BEAR3|I apologize.
NEUT4|Your possible creative scenario that you've put out the idea.
NEUT5|I mean the idea that we're putting in front of our readers is we need to encourage people to think more and more about the risks to financial securities.
NEUT6|So one of the things regulators when you talk about them behind the scenes.
NEUT7|One of the things that financial regulators really worry about is that will wake up one morning and a major bank would have come out and said, for example, that all of the deposits.
NEUT8|Have been stolen in a cyber heist, so this is something that regulators do worry about and then what, what, what would then happen if that's your trigger?
NEUT9|What then happens in the immediate aftermath?
NEUT10|And indeed perhaps over the over the following ten years?
BEAR11|So what might happen is that you you could see a serious deterioration and confidence in the existing financial system as we have a right now and that will prompt people to think more and more about these alternative digital forms of currency.
NEUT12|You know we've talked a lot about Bitcoin, but of course there's many currencies.
NEUT13|Many crypto cards is beyond that.
NEUT14|Blockchain can come into play and if you look at what's happening in Asia, if you join up all the dots you have.
NEUT15|Companies like Alibaba are really sort of quite ahead of the curve when it comes to digital currencies and Alipay and things like that, so it's not inconceivable to imagine a universe in which the Western financial system, Western banks take a really serious blow from this and that.
NEUT16|The financial landscape could look very, very different in 10 years time.
NEUT17|Yeah, it really is something which is much on people's mind.
NEUT18|At the same time we could take all of Bitcoin and put it together as a number.
NEUT19|It's not as big as.
NEUT20|But the fluctuation in the SMP would be today something that is really big.
NEUT21|Is Facebook another thought experiment?
NEUT22|What would happen if Facebook really took a downturn that would affect a lot of people?
NEUT23|That's right, and again the scenario we're playing with here is like what happens if Facebook doesn't get regulated, so there's a lot of talk about reining in Facebook and other social media and getting them to to accept the fact that they are media companies.
NEUT24|But what if that doesn't happen?
NEUT25|If this trend that we're seeing of fake news and manipulating news if that continues to the point where no one can really trust it, feels that they can trust anymore what is actually on social media and you combine that with the polarization of political culture that we're seeing?
BEAR26|In the United States and indeed elsewhere, that could lead to a point against it down the line where Facebook or the regulation that Facebook faces in five or six years time is ends up being much worse than it might be.
NEUT27|"If that happens now."""
