NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart ticker symbol AMZN Amazon."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame if you're not sure what I mean by 30 minute, I do offer an explanation video at that link will mean that the obvious, but I want anyways, just to establish some context here, but a very impressive bounce on this one today.
NEUT2|When you think about the fact that at one point the price was all the way down here and then I'll send the price work his way all the way back up to where it has.
NEUT3|Don't give wrong.
BULL4|There's still more work that needs to be done, but that's been a very solid move, and that does bring about the more than valid question of.
NEUT5|But is there any sort of true power behind this problem, and is there any sort of genuine strength?
NEUT6|Or is this just some sort of knee jerk reaction?
NEUT7|Dead Cat bounce that moved?
NEUT8|I've no idea, but by using charts we can make answering that question very straightforward and in my mind intervals on a single area and that area is down here at the 3095 Mark Wise 3095 important said this was going to happen, but just for explanation sake, let's say the price comes on here.
NEUT9|Behaves in that manner, then continues on down.
NEUT10|What would that be doing to the price that would quite literally putting the price right back inside of that range of the chart where it just was.
NEUT11|I mean not to insult your intelligence, but price movements like Go back to where they were not exactly sound true power, true strength or anything like that.
NEUT12|But to be fair, no pricing just go straight up.
NEUT13|So maybe the price comes down here behaves in that manner, then starts to work way back upwards.
NEUT14|Now all of a sudden what you have while you have a set of those right there, you have those loads down there.
NEUT15|If you envision each of those stair steps, well, hey there you go now you have stair steps making progress in the upward direction.
NEUT16|And again that's the name of the game.
NEUT17|That's what it truly strong movies going to overtime.
BULL18|It's going to make progress forward, and in this situation, quote unquote progress, being defined as 3095 as far as levels of resistance are concerned.
NEUT19|It is all about that purple line right now, which on my chart to know, it's a very well known the very famous 50.
NEUT20|Moving average.
NEUT21|You can see that right there.
BULL22|The price got within the vicinity, pulled back, and then once again right up within the vicinity of it, so we'll see if the pricing ultimately push above that or not next week.
NEUT23|But All in all, any angle you look at it, very impressive bounce, not just a question of can apprise build upon this momentum moving forward.
NEUT24|Let's see what happens.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT26|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT27|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL28|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT31|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR32|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it all though, including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT36|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT37|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT39|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
