NEUT0|"""Innospec investors seek to raise hundreds of millions of dollars simply with the promise to use it and 24 months or so to pursue a takeover."
BULL1|Investors in the specs trust the deal makers to make an acquisition that will make them money in the longer term.
NEUT2|Finance Titans like Bill Ackman, activist, investor Cliff Robbins and former Blackstone investor Chinh Chu have all recently raised money for specs, Wall Street firms, Goldman, Apollo and Centerview have ones to totals back issuance.
BULL3|Soared past 25 billion through mid August already the most ever raised in a single year technology billionaire and Sacramento Kings owner Vivek Ranadive Bay said Aspac helps him capture the greatest wealth creation opportunity in history.
NEUT4|That's miles away from where they were a couple decades ago, when the perception is backs was dim at best.
NEUT5|They were kind of sleazy and people didn't know the companies people didn't know the investors then in the early 2000s, Citibank became the first mainstream bank.
BEAR6|To work with Paksan, the IPO market had shot.
BULL7|It was the only alternative and now we're into Spectrio, where it's actually a better path than an IPO.
NEUT8|Privately held firms are choosing specs because they present fewer regulatory hurdles and IPOs.
BULL9|They can get access to public markets faster and without jumping through the same hoops as an initial public offering investment.
BULL10|Banks likes backs because they're bringing in substantial fees in a year when market uncertainties depressed expectations for IPOs.
NEUT11|Stacks of already generated more than 800,000,000 in fees for Credit Suisse, Goldman, Citigroup and others.
NEUT12|Yet specs aren't without risk.
BULL13|Many pursue deals that fail to yield returns SPAC since 2010 have returned 10% on average through mid August.
BULL14|In that time, the S&P rallied more than 200%, but Wall Street is betting this fax will fulfill their promise and that today's backs will match big money to the right deals.
NEUT15|Bill Ackman, who launched the largest ever's back in July.
NEUT16|Summed up the opportunity and the challenge.
NEUT17|Basically we're in a Unicorn mating dance and we want to, you know, marry a very attractive Unicorn.
BULL18|"On the other side that meets our characteristics, and we've designed ourselves to be a really attractive partner."""
