NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 27th."
BULL1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, Anio lungs will reap the benefits.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
BULL3|Although NIO stock is down today, the stock is still doing great amongst other stocks within the market an IO is up 1254% from last year's stock price while still breaking delivery numbers every month.
NEUT4|Analysts suggest that you invest in NIO for the long trade so that you will not miss out on capitalizing on the stock when it makes its astounding price move.
NEUT5|According to JPM analyst Jesse Nibble, you should trade what you see and what we're seeing now is our electric vehicle company that's rapidly expanding along with a market that's also growing at a fast pace.
NEUT6|It clear to see that NIO is a momentum traders playground.
BULL7|Remember that shares are worth more than 1000% of what they were a year ago in 2019 the stock went from being $2.11 to $66.99, which is an astounding feat.
NEUT8|Even high flying biotech don't move that high, but due to the technical bull case that revolves the grow electric vehicle as well as the popularity of clean products, the market calls for power.
BEAR9|Pull upwards momentum for Neo stock that won't appeal to all investors, especially the short sellers looking to make a quick profit according to their point of view of pull back of the stock at 2 to 5% is devastating to current stocks value, but this is far from the truth.
BEAR10|In fact, a stock without pullbacks is a red flag.
NEUT11|The stock is being increased by some illegal or underhanded means, but what shorts have to really remember is that NIO still has plenty of room to grow as they are within the number on country for electric vehicles and is currently breaking delivery records every month.
NEUT12|A stock must pull back in order for it to grow, and that is exactly what NIO is doing.
BULL13|Long term investors will be reaped the benefits of holding on to the stock as the tails wins for nio's increases evident.
NEUT14|Instead of worrying about what shortest think about Anio, it's best to just look at the data and see that NIO provides much valued for future gains.
NEUT15|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT16|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of an eye.
NEUT17|Those stocks and predictions.
NEUT18|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button, we'd really appreciate it.
NEUT19|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT20|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
