NEUT0|"""The hope for the the bull case for Bitcoin is that it's been a real retail product, but that an SEC approved product could generate a lot of institutional interest is how much institutional buying are you already seeing on the back of this recent announcement?"
NEUT1|If any.
BULL2|We're seeing quite a bit, so if we look back at 2019 about 71% of the assets we raised last year were coming from institutional investors, but I think that Grayscale Bitcoin trust becoming an SEC reporting company, really should signal to the community that our regulators are really willing and able to engage.
BULL3|With the digital currency asset class and hopefully doing so also opens this product to a broader group of index.
NEUT4|What does that reporting company designation mean in practicality and what?
NEUT5|What kind of stamp of approval?
NEUT6|If that's the cliched to use, is it?
NEUT7|It basically holds the reporting obligations for Grayscale Bitcoin trust to be the same as any other public company or any other exchange traded product or other financial instrument that investors are using, so you're seeing.
NEUT8|Grayscale Bitcoin Trust now going to file 10K's 10 Q's already filing 8K gives you some confidence about accounting standards and governance and all kinds of mixtures.
NEUT9|Want if they're going out into the market and trading in publicly traded instruments, this is the level of disclosure that they want in.
NEUT10|Quite frankly that investors deserve.
NEUT11|And so for you.
NEUT12|Obviously this could make you the major player when people are looking for an ETF is a way to get access to or exposure to Bitcoin so.
NEUT13|The price of Bitcoin is now about $10,000.
NEUT14|How much of the run up do you think is on news of the democratization of the kind that you're talking about?
NEUT15|How significant is it to unlock this method of owning Bitcoin as opposed to the more traditional ones?
BULL16|Well, I think the past year certainly solidified for investors.
NEUT17|A couple of things.
NEUT18|First and foremost, that Bitcoin is now a safe haven, a store of value when there are dislocations in the market and investors can really think about that role, which Golden bonds quite frankly used to occupy.
NEUT19|Now Bitcoin is part of that conversation.
NEUT20|But I think it's really important that investors understand that the prevalence of the grayscale family of products is really about access products.
BULL21|This is now opening the door to more investors participating in the asset class, and there's a lot of catalysts out there that are causing more interest.
NEUT22|We're seeing it with coronavirus.
NEUT23|We're seeing it with the tensions in Iran.
NEUT24|We're seeing any of these dislocations in the market as another reason why investors are looking to it, not to mention the next Bitcoin having coming up this summer, I was going to say that the crisis drive people to hard assets.
NEUT25|I'm not sure Bitcoin is.
NEUT26|Hard asset, but it, but it has that function in a portfolio.
NEUT27|I suppose it does and as investors are looking for new uncorrelated return streams, Bitcoin is now really part of that Congress.
BULL28|So so a couple of years ago a peak was marked in the by the futures market.
NEUT29|Do you think is there?
NEUT30|Is there a kernel of worry in the back of your head?
NEUT31|That and that bringing an ETF would mark another high point or top in a more in the Bitcoin or crypto were more focused on is really the development of the derivatives market around the asset class.
NEUT32|We all have to remember that Bitcoin in this asset class as a whole didn't even didn't even exist 1011 years ago, and so the fact that we now have futures in seeing the incumbents the Fidelity is the CME Group Square Robin Hood.
NEUT33|"All these types of companies getting involved in this space it really lends itself to validation that the asset class is here to stay."""
