NEUT0|"""For this week's your money segment alarming figures out from a new study that shows 1/4 of Americans have no retirement savings, Yahoo Finance is Stefania Simcos is here with those details, Stephanie tell us about this report."
NEUT1|Rate, the situation is really dire and like you said you know a quarter of Americans just have no savings for retirement and this is across all generations.
NEUT2|But as a little you know, sort of zoom in the cohort that is immediately approaching retirement.
NEUT3|So those that are 55 to 64 year olds, PwC found that they have about $120,000 saved, which isn't a lot and it is, but it isn't.
NEUT4|And you know when that's translated into monthly withdrawals, that's really about $1000 a month, maybe less than, which is a very modest, even austere lifestyle.
NEUT5|And here's where it gets even shakier, is that, should the person in this scenario outlive their life expectancy, or have any sort of unforeseen medical or housing bill that they need to pay for?
BEAR6|That amount decreases even more, and that money is also likely going to be taxed, so to take away.
NEUT7|Even more money and to add, you know, just to the gloom and doom while we're at it, you know, PwC also forecasts that Social Security will be depleted by 2034, which you know isn't that far away.
NEUT8|So there's a huge we only demographic.
NEUT9|Go ahead.
NEUT10|No, we we only have about 30 seconds, but this sounds like a crisis is essentially brewing.
NEUT11|Is that what the experts are saying?
NEUT12|If Social Security runs out, folks have no money saved for their retirement.
NEUT13|People are living longer.
NEUT14|What happens then, right?
NEUT15|So to quickly turn this around, you know employee sponsored retirement savings plans are really expensive for small businesses to offer so.
NEUT16|The proposed solution is that small business owners can sort of take their employees for them to pull their, you know, sort of collective money similar to employees of medium and large size corporations, so they too can have defined contribution plans, and that can really boost participation and savings because a lot of Americans work for small businesses.
BEAR17|Well, we can only hope so because that is alarming, absolutely alarming to see how few people have saved for their retirement.
NEUT18|Stephanie asimco.
BULL19|"Thanks for breaking down those details."""
