NEUT0|"""Before we get started, make sure to subscribe so you guys can be part of my giveaways."
NEUT1|I'm also going to be doing a lot more quick videos with important news on a lot of stocks, so make sure you subscribe to get notified of those because time is important with news.
NEUT2|Also, I'm not a professional and everything I say should be taken with a grain of salt.
NEUT3|An is for entertainment purposes only.
NEUT4|Alright guys I wanna talk about Nano dimension real quick 'cause we're about to hear some pretty big news from them.
NEUT5|If you don't know what nano dimension does, they're mainly known for their dragonfly 3D printing machine, which basically can print circuit boards.
NEUT6|So to make things quick, basically their machine can be used for research and development to print circuit boards.
NEUT7|Basically with the click of a button from your computer.
BULL8|So this saves time and money to develop prototypes for new products and can speed up the manufacturing process for these products.
NEUT9|So 3D printing can be used to print other things as well, but the main benefit of their system is for printed circuit boards, which is used in just about every electronics device.
NEUT10|Ark Invest is also a big investor nano dimension and they hold close to a 10% stake.
NEUT11|So Nano dimension just did a direct offering for $332 million to raise cash, but this isn't the first time they've done this.
NEUT12|So if you haven't been paying attention to this company, they've literally done this three times in the past two months and raised close to a billion dollars.
NEUT13|I mean, they're literally literally raising more money than the company is worth.
BEAR14|But their stock prices on the rise and it doesn't make sense to raise cash when the stock is low.
BULL15|So because the stock prices are high, they are able to keep raising more cash.
BEAR16|The drug offers have caused the stock tip every time, but every time it dips it's recovered and gone even higher, so every time it keeps going higher, they keep doing another direct offering and keep raising more cash.
NEUT17|But The thing is, we need to know what they're going to do with a billion dollars, which is the real question.
NEUT18|I mean every direct offering they've said they're using the money for operational expenses and possible business combination transactions.
BEAR19|But even though they're losing around $10 million a year right now.
NEUT20|Raising a billion dollars is a lot of money for a company like Nano Dimension.
NEUT21|So there's only two things that could be see their investing in a manufacturing of some kind.
NEUT22|They are developing a new product or they are acquiring a new company.
NEUT23|Could also be one of those three because they definitely don't need a billion dollars for day-to-day expenses.
NEUT24|Now we don't know for sure why the keyboard is in so much money, but we could find out tonight.
NEUT25|So tonight the CEO of Nano Dimension is going to go on air and discuss the future of Nano and possibly what they're doing with all the money they raised.
NEUT26|So the show will air on Sunday on Bloomberg International on the show Red Chip at 6:00 PM European time.
NEUT27|So if you're invested in dimension, are looking at by and make sure you watch this because we're supposed to hear about their growth plans for the company and possibly what they raise a billion dollars for.
NEUT28|So I just wanted to quick update on Nano Dimension.
NEUT29|Make sure you guys watch the show if you're invested because it most likely is going to affect the stock pretty big Monday.
NEUT30|If you guys don't have turned out if you guys don't have time, watch show and make sure to subscribe.
NEUT31|Because after I watch it, I'm gonna make another video and explain the highlights and what they're going to use the money for and what their future plans are.
BULL32|Alright, thanks for watching.
NEUT33|"I'll see you guys next time."""
