NEUT0|"""Hello everyone for our CMP 2:30 today at 239."
NEUT1|The our project topic was stock stock market analysis so we as we can see that we have taken we have taken few sample stocks and we're doing real time sentiment analysis as well as price analysis for the next day for our from our model.
BEAR2|As we can see that ciscos ciscos prices it is predicting their sisters price will next day go up and Microsoft Price will go down as well as Google Price will.
BULL3|Go up, we have taken our data from Qandil, which provides possibly the best financial financial data for any particular stocks and also allows us to allows us to download data in CSV CSV format for each particular day.
NEUT4|So and our whole model, and we also provide an analysis of the particular stock.
NEUT5|Like here we can see that in Cisco's dashboard we can get Twitter sentiment data different different.
NEUT6|What is the sentiment particular and the volume of the stocks are sold for a previous day?
NEUT7|What are the open values and quarterly stock analysis so?
NEUT8|No.
NEUT9|And our whole solution is deployed in the cloud.
NEUT10|So as we can see that whenever we are accessing our our data, it is being hit in the cloud or hold back end server is created using Java.
NEUT11|Spring issue is and these are our our API disappoint that different different API.
NEUT12|This point that we have used in our project.
NEUT13|We have used neural neural networks as well as random tree random random.
NEUT14|Artist, algorithm and decision tree regression algorithm for stock market prediction and for real time, real tempting real time data, we have used Twitter sentiment analysis for for that purpose.
NEUT15|When we ask for a for sample AP when we access it using Postman, we can see that it gives us different different parameters for a particular particular stock and it also hits the stock API in the cloud.
NEUT16|Thank you.
BULL17|We hope that you have liked our presentation.
BULL18|"Thank you."""
