NEUT0|"""It's claimed this via video chart on ticker symbol FUB."
NEUT1|Oh, we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|We're not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, overall another just consolidation day.
BEAR5|Things started off pretty rough this morning.
BULL6|The price actually broke down below and we're spending some time below that green line there which I talked about in previous videos as an important area of support at right around $20.70, but to give credit where credits do not only did the price get back up above that level actually made a very impressive movement all the way up there, which brings about kind of the second point of confirmation.
NEUT7|Confirmation being that yeah, this level right here at 2250 is definitely, you know, a level of resistance that will need to be watched very closely.
NEUT8|'cause this is now the second time.
NEUT9|Actually, the third time 'cause the price broke above it there, so there is a first time.
NEUT10|There is a second time and then right here was time #3 where the price could not quite push above that area.
NEUT11|So while I'm not saying that that 2250 Mark can never be broken, I'm just saying it's become very apparent now that that is certainly going to be a main battleground to watch from the resistant side of things.
NEUT12|If the price can push up through that level, next key area of resistance would be up there around 2350, although the one level that you definitely don't want to lose track of is going to be that purple line right there.
NEUT13|The 50.
NEUT14|Moving average currently valued right around that $23.00 mark.
NEUT15|So you're going to want to watch that, so more of the story there is still a lot of levels of resistance up overhead.
NEUT16|That doesn't mean that the price can't get things turned around, it does just suggest though, that Yep, there is going to be any sort of turn around then.
NEUT17|Yeah, that the price is really going to bring its a game because there is like I said, a lot of these levels of resistance that will need to be pushed up through.
BEAR18|But overall, like I said, the best news probably is is that when things were looking very shaky and it was looking like the price was breaking down below that area of support at 2070.
BULL19|You know the Bulls have ultimately stepped back in and held strong there.
NEUT20|So good to see that it'll be interesting to see if the price can.
NEUT21|Ultimately, you know, get a push upwards.
NEUT22|And starts a battle of these levels of resistance or not on Wednesday.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
NEUT26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me.
BULL27|Unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT28|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT29|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up.
NEUT34|For a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
