NEUT0|"""Hello, welcome to today's taking analysis is Thursday, February 15th, 2018 and Christina, Bethany, investment analysts at except.com and they were going to look at the US dollar versus Swiss franc on the daily chart."
BEAR1|So dollars we see continues to trade at 2 1/2 year lows and inside the descending channel since December.
BEAR2|Other parrot touched a fresh low today at Zero Point 9228, extending this small down lick started last week.
BULL3|When prices found resistance on the 20 day moving average, which has been stronger resistant since the beginning of the year, they technical indicators show that the market is expected to keep moving downwards.
BEAR4|In the short term, the 20 day moving average is negatively sloped below the 50 day moving average.
BEAR5|Their side down here is has been under 50 since the end of December and has already broken into oversold levels so.
BEAR6|We can't exclude any upside movements, or at least some softer decreases, yet the market is also in bearish territory, well below 0.
BEAR7|We saw the index deviating above its signal line last week, but now it seems to be gathering negative momentum again.
BEAR8|Looking at the Marco indicators we get further bear signals.
NEUT9|The red tent constant line.
BEAR10|Is far below the blue can just align and both of them are moving downwards are now looking for support levels.
BEAR11|Prices could decline towards 0.92 key level and then further down the fair could meet the next psychological level at Zero Point 91, which is also the lower bound of this channel to the upside immediate resistance could come from the Red 10 console light at Zero Point 9348 before the market targets your point 94 key level.
BEAR12|This could be a strong resistance to breakthrough because the 20 day moving average and the upper bound of the channel are also around this level.
BEAR13|However, in case the pair manages to close above the channel, this could extend foolish actions towards 0.95.
BEAR14|Now with the medium term, the background remains bearish.
BEAR15|Market maintains the downlink started in November and still well below the 50 day moving average and the two 200 day moving average which have posted the bearish crossover in the beginning of February, as supporting that the trend is likely to remain negative in the medium term.
NEUT16|So that's all from me.
BULL17|"Thank you for watching and have a great day."""
