BEAR0|"""So much competition in this emerging industry?"
NEUT1|What makes Hison different than?
NEUT2|Why should investors put their money to work in your stock as it comes public?
BULL3|Well, first thanks for having me man.
NEUT4|It looks like there's a lot of competition in the space perhaps, but frankly, we feel like we're almost on our own at the moment because his own Motors is built on the back of almost two decades of fuel cell technology development at the parent company Horizon Fuel Cell and myself are now Chairman.
NEUT5|My per founder, George Goo.
NEUT6|We've been developing that top technology for that period of time, so we have a very strong technology base which is been laid down over a long time.
BULL7|Anna strong global network.
NEUT8|So when we bring this new business to the market, it's really an application for a very mature technology and we think that differentiates has on Motors quite substantially.
BULL9|And we think that that's that's evidenced by the fact that we've secured orders from customers already in in three different continents.
NEUT10|Yeah, and in terms of bringing that new business to market, I mean breakdown, the economics.
NEUT11|The case for why you are focusing on these commercial vehicles, at least initially.
NEUT12|OK, so commercial vehicles have the highest utilization.
NEUT13|Ann, quite frequently commercial vehicles, operate from a base from a Depot, so very high utilization vehicles running from a single location represent the most attractive use case for hydrogen, because there's still some challenge in making sure there's hydrogen available for any fuel cell vehicle you put on the road by operating from bases, we build up highly viable hubs of activity and you never have to, you know, invest in underutilized assets.
NEUT14|For example, trying to build a national network to justify.
NEUT15|To justify vehicle deployments is very challenging from an investment standpoint, but investing in a single piece of infrastructure to fuel potentially hundreds of vehicles in one location.
NEUT16|This can be a really attractive investment and that's why the low hanging fruits for us are those high lization back to base type majestix operations which you know it's an easy to find examples amongst our customers that are signing up their operating buses that go from one location and come back there operating delivery trucks.
NEUT17|They're operating kind of point to point logistics type.
NEUT18|Vehicles, so we think that our model is understood by our customers and those types of customers are on an increasingly urgent mandate to decarbonize their activities.
NEUT19|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT20|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
