BULL0|"""With only two full days of trading under its belt, the first Bitcoin BTC Exchange traded fund in North America reached more than $400 million in volume and is expected to go even higher according to a tweet from Bloomberg analyst Eric Balchunas."
NEUT1|The Bitcoin Exchange traded fund or ETF recently debuted by Canadian firm Purpose Investments, is likely to hit $1 billion in assets under management by February 26.
BULL2|His prediction came prior to purpose reporting its Bitcoin ETF traded $421.8 million between the time when it was first listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange or TSX on February 18th, and when markets closed Friday, the ETF's listed under the ticker BTC see Balchunas compared the impressive debut of the purpose Bitcoin Fund to other ETF's currently trading on the TSX at more than $4.6 billion in total assets.
NEUT3|The JP Morgan Beta Builders Canada ETF's.
BULL4|One of the biggest in the country, the Bloomberg analysts said he wouldn't be surprised if the purpose Bitcoin ETF surpasses all others in Canada within two months following a nasty sell.
NEUT5|Off the purpose ETF's, not the only Bitcoin exchange traded fund in North America to share the wealth last week Evolve Funds Group received approval from the Ontario Securities Commission to launch its own Bitcoin ETF, which started trading on Friday under the ticker.
NEUT6|EBIT, as of the close of markets on Friday EBIT.
NEUT7|You had traded one hundred 3595 units priced at $21.54, though some investment managers have hinted that the Securities and Exchange Commission under U.S. President Joe Biden might be more open to approving a Bitcoin ETF.
NEUT8|Regulators in the United States have not yet given them the green light.
NEUT9|Both New York Digital Investment Group applied and Dallas based Valkary digital assets have filed the paperwork for a Bitcoin.
NEUT10|ETF.
NEUT11|Since the new president took office.
NEUT12|"According to the TSXBTCCB had traded 9,270,111 units priced at $10.55 and BTCC U 2,065,855 units at $10.57 as of Friday."""
