NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 30th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, Anio deliveries confirmed.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
BULL3|NIO has been relatively quiet through this wild week for the US markets, but in a note on Friday, Morgan Stanley, analyst Tim HS AIO raised his forecast for electric vehicle sales in China to 1.7 million units this year.
NEUT4|His earlier estimate had been for sales of 1.5 million vehicles.
BULL5|This led him to boost the price targets of an iOS to $80.00 from $33.
NEUT6|The analyst maintains overweight ratings on an iOS company stock separately.
BULL7|The news and commentary website Electric, which covers the electric vehicle industry, reported on a favorable test drive event.
NEUT8|iOS midsize ES6SUV and noted that the company is believed to be preparing to offer its vehicles in Europe.
BULL9|NIO is expected to report its January delivery numbers early next week, according to a JP Morgan analyst Tim off, Real I think Auto Investors can anticipate that the company will set a new record given its accelerated efforts to boost production in December.
BULL10|We estimate that NIO will hit from 8 to 10,000 unit deliveries by the time its earnings report comes.
BEAR11|This will destroy Nio's previous record of 7007 deliveries set in December.
NEUT12|Beyond that will look to earnings for a detailed update and outlook from CEO William Bin Li and his team.
NEUT13|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT14|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT15|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL16|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT17|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT18|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
