BEAR0|"""It's blaming, it's it's lower subscriber growth on just a banner, first half and that they couldn't keep up that kind of momentum because that was really in the pandemic."
NEUT1|Do you think it's competition now?
NEUT2|Do you think that's going to start to weigh on Netflix with Disney plus having such a good start?
BEAR3|Peacock, our parent company, also launching recently, is that going to hurt Netflix?
NEUT4|Well, I think you know separate apart just from its impact on Netflix, who clearly was the first mover into this space and created an unbelievable platform and obviously out invested in the direct to consumer streaming market.
NEUT5|Everyone they dealt with and compete with.
NEUT6|But obviously the arrival of Disney and others is real and serious.
BULL7|It feels to me Netflix is almost competing more with.
NEUT8|YouTube on a certain level and that they are premium, you know, super premium content, but they want to be content for everyone around the world like You Tube is.
NEUT9|Where is Disney still feels very branded and I think within its brand, but obviously the most powerful brand in the history of content potentially is Disney, so that so that's very real for them on a competition level.
BULL10|And I still look at even with the renewed competition the head start.
NEUT11|Netflix has not only in.
NEUT12|The United States, but around the world it is pretty impressive, an extraordinary, and so I I think, obviously competition is arriving, but the fact they already have 195 million people or whatever the exact number is subscribing, is a giant number.
NEUT13|Interesting, you compare them that Ben to YouTube and I get the reason for it.
NEUT14|That global reach and the subscriber number size.
NEUT15|But the big difference is cost and we've got a wall here of some of the prices available.
NEUT16|At the moment, ranging from free from Peacock, you know to the over $10 close to $15 for Netflix and HBO.
NEUT17|Max does the quality of their new originals, particularly when they're losing shows like the office warrant, that premium price at the moment.
NEUT18|Well, when I see the volume of originals that they have, it's it's pretty impressive.
BEAR19|And in this moment where we're All Star for new content because the production slowdown not only affected Netflix, it affected every single carrier of programming in the world.
NEUT20|They still are offering more today in terms of the content than anyone else to access.
NEUT21|I think the value of the libraries are real though, and what I'm seeing and curious about, you know.
BEAR22|Just depending on developing the level of wealth that particular household has, people aren't accelerating the cord cutting and the net spend down as much as I thought they would.
BULL23|And obviously the pandemic has accelerated all those trends more than any event could have predicated.
BULL24|But the fact that there is so much investment to make in the content still an capital to express.
NEUT25|I mean, it just feels like they have a real.
NEUT26|Shot to continue their momentum and leadership and other people are just keep adding costs like I added Disney, I didn't cut anything.
NEUT27|I add, you know I have an Amazon Prime membership so I'm keeping that prime membership for multiple reasons.
NEUT28|I'm getting Apple still for free because I bought a a phone so I'm yet to really have to pay for it.
NEUT29|I'm accessing Peacock for free, so there's not really a lot of choices I'm being forced to make.
NEUT30|I already was an HBO subscriber so I haven't quite notice a difference.
NEUT31|In in my monthly budget, Ben always a pleasure.
BULL32|Thanks so much for joining us.
NEUT33|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT34|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
