BULL0|"""The Federal Reserve has been incredibly active in many different sectors of the fixed income market since the pandemic shutdown of U.S. economy between February 26 and June 10th, the Fed expanded its balance sheet by $3 trillion."
BEAR1|That was from 4 trillion to 7 trillion more recently since June 10th, the Fed has paused its expansion.
NEUT2|It wanted to take time to evaluate what worked well and what is not.
NEUT3|And to adjust its activities accordingly.
NEUT4|The Fed purchases short term Treasury bills, so one year or less maturity, and it does some repurchase activity too.
BULL5|And this has allowed the very smooth functioning of overnight funding markets and this is critical to the efficiency of the financial system.
BEAR6|These overnight markets no longer need any support and the Fed has stopped purchasing short term Treasury bills and curtailed its repurchase activity.
NEUT7|Purchases at the long end of the Treasury security maturity curve 10 years or longer have been quite extensive, $280 billion since late February.
BULL8|This has worked to stabilize yields and dampen volatility for the 10 year and longer maturities.
NEUT9|the Fed has not committed to a yield curve control program.
BULL10|However, the Fed has clearly wanted to an succeeded in dampening price volatility in the Treasury markets.
BEAR11|The fridge activity in the US Treasury securities has dramatically changed the cinnamon back in March 2020 as the pandemic for shutdowns in the economies around the world.
BEAR12|The 10 year Treasury market was in an anxious state.
BEAR13|Now with all the Fed activity calming markets, the cinnamon state has moved away from anxious through balance and actually become complacent.
NEUT14|Assignment market participants believe the Fed has their back.
NEUT15|Announcement effects for the feds entry into municipal bonds and corporate credit turned out to be much more important than the actual purchases.
NEUT16|They dramatically impacted the price discovery process, but it was again it was the announcement and not so much the purchases which have been relatively small compared to the Treasury purchases.
BEAR17|the Fed has sharply curtailed swap lines to central banks.
NEUT18|That's because the currency markets are functioning smoothly, that activity is no longer needed.
BEAR19|The Fed has reduced support to primary dealers in the bond market.
BULL20|Again, there is plenty of evidence that there's excellent liquidity in these markets and that support is no longer needed.
BEAR21|So while the Fed may curtail its asset purchases in total.
NEUT22|And readjust what it does to be more efficient and more impactful.
NEUT23|The federal funds futures market continues to show zero rate expectations out for two years or more.
BULL24|And there is growth in the volume and open interest for call options based Euro dollar deposit rate futures with strike prices.
BEAR25|That implies zero or negative rates.
BULL26|This suggests that market participants expect the Fed to maintain near 0 short term rates well into the future.
NEUT27|"I'm Blue Putnam chief economist, CME Group."""
