NEUT0|"""It's clearing this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, as we head into Wednesday, Apple is sitting at a very very interesting spot and this will mean a little bit more to those of you that watched the video.
NEUT5|I did on this one from Monday, but.
NEUT6|It's all revolving around that red line right there.
NEUT7|Which is that near term level resistance will call at one 4325 ish and you can see that when you look closely right there.
NEUT8|I mean the price is basically knocking right on the door there, so it's a more than valid.
NEUT9|It's a more than reasonable question right now to be asking wondering, can the price actually get to push up through that level?
NEUT10|That will be the big question mark moving forward and we'll see what happens with that as the right now and post market.
NEUT11|The prices up above there.
BULL12|But will the price be able to stay up above it?
NEUT13|That remains to be seen if the price can say above it, though like I said right now in after hours post market.
NEUT14|Whatever you want to call then the price, the next key or overarching level to watch very closely will be that 145 mark which believe it or not, is exactly in fact.
NEUT15|Let me just bring that down so you can see right now in post, market 145 is exactly what rejected the price down.
NEUT16|As of right now, but again.
NEUT17|That's the thing with, you know premarket and postmarket.
NEUT18|You never know where the price is ultimately going to open up, but as of right now, those two levels are definitely very much so in play, so it'll be interesting to see how Apple behaved relative to those couple areas moving forward.
NEUT19|And then as far as this levels of support or concern.
NEUT20|Nothing new here to report there still have that green line at 141, which I guess actually this morning did come into play during the crazy opening, 30 minutes the price came all the way down there and never quite hit 141, but not within the general ballpark of it before recovering back upwards.
NEUT21|So we want to keep a close eye on that level moving forward, but yeah.
NEUT22|As of now, it's looking like it's all about those key levels of resistance, so let's see if the price can get the breakout or not on Wednesday.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
NEUT26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me.
BULL27|Unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT28|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT29|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up.
NEUT34|For a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
