NEUT0|"""CFR is tuna Moby."
BULL1|Colin Sebastian of Baird joining us to break down the quarter on what it turns out guys is looking like the best day for the stock since December of 18.
NEUT2|It's good to see you to know what you're thinking on Amazon right now.
BULL3|Karl, thanks for having me.
NEUT4|Yeah, you know, I think just when some investors are started to count them out, they come out with this blow away.
NEUT5|You know quarter.
BULL6|So I think the key here is to understand that the scale that they've built over the years in terms of their their leverage on infrastructure is just starting to pay off.
BULL7|And this has been amplified by the shift to the one day delivery.
NEUT8|You look at the AWS Division.
BULL9|There is several positive takeaways there.
NEUT10|I know so much has been made about the competition from you know Microsoft.
NEUT11|But I think some of those concerns are overdone.
NEUT12|So All in all, I think this is remains really intact as we look to the year you may hear a lot more chatter about the antitrust issues that could create some volatility.
BULL13|But overall, I think that the earnings really had a lot of positive takeaways.
NEUT14|Colin, is it safe to say that Amazon now, with the rollout of one day shipping?
NEUT15|On on such a big level and all the money that's gone into those costs associated with it, that it's taking more market share from the traditional retailers who maybe before now had a leg up in terms of last minute purchases?
BULL16|Well, there's no doubt that one day is resonating with consumers, and that's pulling in more merchants onto the Amazon platform.
NEUT17|But but quite frankly, the strength in the quarter was the services side of Amazon's business.
NEUT18|Those are the fees 30 that they earned from merchants to sell on Amazon.
NEUT19|The fees they earned from prime membership, the fees from a WS.
BULL20|Product sales were essentially in line.
NEUT21|Certainly one day helped mitigate any other factors impacting retail or e-commerce, but that was the beauty of the business model that was on display yesterday.
NEUT22|Yeah, two.
NEUT23|Now when I was looking at the AWS performance it made me just reconsider what I was looking at across mega scale cloud.
NEUT24|When I heard Amazon, Microsoft, Google all talking about hiring sales people, I thought maybe that's because the top line is slowing down and they need to invest to get more gas in the tank, but maybe not so?
NEUT25|I mean, does this perhaps mean that they're just pedal to the metal continuing through 2020?
NEUT26|And I know you don't cover chip names, but it makes me wonder.
BULL27|If the investment in infrastructure is more likely to continue throughout the rest of the year because demand is so strong, John, I think the short answer is that those investments I think he could see really proof proof points that those investments are paying off.
NEUT28|If you think about the global cloud market, I think there's still a case to be made that were still in the relatively, you know, not certainly.
NEUT29|Not later trillions of that market, the addressable market is huge.
NEUT30|That's why you see this top three providers, you know.
NEUT31|Amazon Web Services.
NEUT32|Microsoft and Google Cloud all trying to zero in there because the you know.
BEAR33|Granted you're getting a lot of margin pressure from from these investments, but in case can be made if you look at Amazon Web Services for example, you know they're down almost 4 to 500 basis points from their peak margins over in about last year or so.
NEUT34|But when you Fast forward and see the return that they generated from this investment, this scale and how they are able to apply.
NEUT35|"You know the new learning concepts, whether it's AI or machine learning, you get a sense that this is a huge ecosystem that still have a lot of runway ahead."""
