BULL0|"""Welcome back to Yahoo Finance."
NEUT1|Watching the rally on Wall Street.
NEUT2|But we're also watching the growing coronavirus crisis here in the United States.
NEUT3|We have not peaked yet, and Angelique Khemlani is our correspondent who keeps us up to speed on that.
BULL4|Anjali, thanks Adam.
BULL5|Yeah, so we know that the numbers worldwide are actually really racing at a clip that will reach us, possibly to half a million by the end of the day.
NEUT6|We're currently at more than 490,000 worldwide.
NEUT7|Meanwhile, we know that the epicenter in the US, which is now more than 70,000.
BEAR8|Is New York, which has just announced that they are at 37,000 lives.
NEUT9|We know that more of that cases, and we know that more than half of that is actually in New York City itself.
NEUT10|And this is just speaking to the anticipated surge that will hit the state, possibly in the next two to three weeks.
NEUT11|So we know that we're looking out for that right now.
BULL12|Meanwhile, the state government is doing what it can to get medical equipment as well as build out alternative sites to handle that potential surge.
NEUT13|We've heard about the jab it center.
NEUT14|Another Conference Center type sites, as well as a potential to discuss for additional space with dorm rooms and hotels.
NEUT15|But we've also heard about how hospitals are really taking on the additional need to have makeshift strategies.
NEUT16|Whether you're looking at alternate sites for keeping bodies or looking at a potential blanket, do not resuscitate a strategy, which would mean that they would have to prioritize who does and does not get saved in the middle of a surgeon.
NEUT17|This reflects on actually something that came out from the New England Journal of Medicine.
NEUT18|A couple of days ago, which talks about what the ethical values are that medical facilities will have to balance out, including maximizing benefits.
NEUT19|Are they going to look at you know who could survive longer from treatment and after treatment?
NEUT20|And does that give them the right to access the treatment and be cater to 1st?
NEUT21|So a lot of things coming out as we know Italy had to do some of this and make some of these really hard decisions.
BEAR22|"And now New York is going to be faced with the same Atom."""
