NEUT0|"""Hi everyone, we have been alerted the company Facebook for which I saw she Lowry and I actually Garg will be presenting before you the fundamental analysis our call is to sell the share of Facebook."
NEUT1|Facebook is a Mega cab company headquartered in the United States of America.
NEUT2|In the fundamental analysis, let's have a look at Porters 5 forces.
BEAR3|First, LinkedIn and Google plus have been the competition for long, but recent use of Facebook copying Snapchat features have set fire to the competition.
BULL4|Therefore competition in the market is moderate.
BULL5|Second, new firms can enter online space very easily, so threat of new entrance remains high.
NEUT6|Third because inputs are identical in nature, there are a lot of suppliers.
NEUT7|Does making bargaining power suppliers low 4th bars can easily shift to other platforms so they have a high bar.
NEUT8|June.
NEUT9|And Lastly, currently no online platforms.
NEUT10|Has been an exact substitute to Facebook, but portals like Snapchat are rising, so it would be right to call this moderate.
BEAR11|For best analysis, political Facebook had a high risk of censorship in China, North Korea and Iran.
BULL12|Now Mark Zuckerberg plans to get at least a handicapped version in China for economic with economy is doing better than ever.
BULL13|Facebook has been benefiting for social globalization and increasing social needs of people has resulted in an increased user base for technological Facebook Messenger.
BULL14|WhatsApp have been fairly tech friendly.
NEUT15|For a SWOT analysis, Facebook has very strong features that cannot be easily replicated.
BEAR16|Making this the strength of Facebook credibility of accounts where where it is easy for others to create a fake account is the weakness, flexibility and scalability of the virtual world provides various opportunities for Facebook to grow and cyber crime and increasing use of ad blocks remains to be a threat to Facebook.
NEUT17|Now they're looking for a potential solution too.
BULL18|For quantitative analysis, Facebook has high revenues and very low operating expenses, which clearly shows in the hyapatia margin and net profit ratio.
BEAR19|Current ratio is very high, which is not a very good indicator.
BEAR20|It shows that there has been an under utilization of current assets.
NEUT21|In case of PE ratio just by looking at the ratio, we can't say about that growth potential.
BULL22|Sometimes a very high PE ratio indicates overvalued stock, but since in the case of Facebook we have seen other issues so there is a high growth potential.
NEUT23|For the capital model we we found out the beta, which is which shows the volatility of the stock RF, which is the risk free rate return RM which is the rate of market rate of return.
NEUT24|And so we found out IE.
NEUT25|Many value the stock, we realized that the current market price that is 139.13 dollars is more than the target value.
NEUT26|That is $123.00.
NEUT27|Therefore our call is to sell the stock.
BULL28|Now we come to the 90 day price movement of the stock in NASDAQ and we see that the price has been rising since January 1, 2017.
NEUT29|On January 6 the share reached its target value, but now it is way more than that.
NEUT30|Therefore we should sell the stock.
BULL31|"Thank you."""
