NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clearing this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|If not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL4|Well, a very nice move for Apple, especially given the context of the overall markets today, which were sort of all over the place and it was just a goofy day in the market.
NEUT5|But overall Apple held up relatively well and there's some updates here that need to be done in the 1st update is just based on a foundational rule in charting which states when levels of resistance are broken and closed.
NEUT6|Above you want to see them act as support, and that's exactly what happened here.
NEUT7|The price broke up above that level and then at that point as I said, you know in the rule states that you would expect that to act as support right around the 1:15.
NEUT8|25 ish area and you can see right there price backtested.
NEUT9|It held his support beautifully and then later on in the afternoon when that pullback in Curd once again acted as support beautifully so keep an eye on that as I'm not going to get by no means that do or die level meaning if the price falls below that area that does not mean that the entire charts destroyed or anything like that but if the price could manage stay above that area that would definitely be the best case scenario moving forward and then as far as next levels of support or concern keep an eye on that purple line there the 50.
NEUT10|Simple moving average and then also down here at a dollar.
BULL11|13 meaning yeah, going forward, you know, because of today's nice movement.
BULL12|Quite a bit of support have now been established, which doesn't mean that you know, it's for sure going up.
NEUT13|But the path of least resistance right now seems to be more so in the upward direction, which brings about the next key level to watch, which is that red line up there, right up slightly above the 118 mark which I've talked about in past videos as that area of resistance.
NEUT14|So like I said, there's still work to be done before the price even gets up there and starts to do battle with that.
NEUT15|Actually squeeze things down so you can see where this level is more so coming from.
NEUT16|But as you see here, it's been quite awhile since the price went up this high.
BULL17|But yeah, the last time the price got up around this area and by no means am I saying this is guaranteed to happen, but last time the price got up around here, I mean the price really just hammering it back to the downside, so we'll see what happens to see if the price can ultimately be able to get up to 118 and then break up through it.
BULL18|But overall today good solid move First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT19|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event.
NEUT20|Whatever you want to call it, but it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL21|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT22|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT23|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
BEAR24|But in a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT25|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT26|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT27|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT28|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT29|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT30|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT31|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT32|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT33|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
