BULL0|"""Now we know how he's been among the strongest groups this year, thanks to low mortgage rates in the counter urban trade."
BULL1|And that's how Leonard could rally nearly 40% for 2020.
NEUT2|And I don't want to hear that this game is fake because the Federal Reserve is probably the economy when you take that money to the bank, they don't Care now in our report some money, and after close an unfortunate, I think the easy money here has been made.
NEUT3|Even I though I think that art is a fabulous company, but let's let's see what they have to say about the covid induced flight to the suburbs.
NEUT4|And combine that with the terrific things Rhat told us last night about the stay at home economy.
NEUT5|I want to know if Linares turning offices into houses and a potential homeowners want these futures remember features.
NEUT6|And remember, I'm actually looking for home builders that are putting two offices in homes.
BEAR7|The drug stocks have been absolutely horrendous of late and because they are an easy political target for both parties, but also because the recession stocks in an environment where the economy isn't receiving it's accelerating.
NEUT8|Right now, everybody's focused on the race for a covid vaccine, which is very important.
NEUT9|Humanity as a whole in the broader economy.
NEUT10|But really doesn't matter much to the Pharmaceutical industry as much as we try to think that it does, there's no way anyone makes big money off of vaccine.
NEUT11|Every country on Earth is going to put price controls on this thing when it comes to Big Pharma.
NEUT12|I care about potential blockbusters and that's why I'll be paying close attention to when Pfizer holds virtual analyst meeting on Monday, May just to spite the 38 on goodbye on the vaccines.
NEUT13|Can write back to 35, we might hear some amazing things from this company.
BEAR14|It's gotten a reputation for being kind of dowdy and slow to produce new drugs, but they hate that view.
NEUT15|Tuesday we hear from two of my absolute favorite companies, FedEx and Adobe.
BULL16|I expect to upside surprises because e-commerce is on fire and that's good news for both of them.
NEUT17|They actually talk Christmas surcharge, get used to that, and overseas strength, including China.
NEUT18|I bet you'll be ready for the Holidays this time.
BULL19|I'm so confident about this one.
NEUT20|Then, if it rallies too much on Monday, you know what?
NEUT21|Switch directions take the pin action and go buy some United Parcel because I think the PIN action is going to be incredibly strong.
NEUT22|As for Adobe, there are crucially Commerson neighbor.
NEUT23|Helping countless individuals and small businesses operate on the web at a time when brick and mortar just doesn't work.
BULL24|No fewer than five analysts have boosted numbers or upgraded this company in the last five days, and I'm betting Adobe could have a very good year in 2021 but just shocked into Ryan raises raises his hello look at the end of the day, both FedEx and Adobe are essential to stay at home economy.
NEUT25|FedEx delivers the packages you get when you order online.
NEUT26|Adobe makes it easier for companies to sell stuff online.
NEUT27|You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
NEUT28|Don't miss a second of mad money.
NEUT29|Follow at Jim Cramer on Twitter.
NEUT30|Have a question?
NEUT31|"Tweet Cramer hashtag mad tweets send Jim an email to mad money at cnbc.com or give us a call at one 807 four three CNBC Miss something Ed to madmoney.cnbc.com."""
