NEUT0|"""This year the UK must borrow £131 billion in order to repay its old debts and meet the day-to-day costs of running the country."
BULL1|This is a massive jump since 10 years ago.
NEUT2|It does this by selling government bonds or gilts, a sort of IOU which promises to pay investors back their money, plus interest at a later date.
NEUT3|Gilts are one of the oldest securities in the world, tracing their heritage back centuries to King William.
NEUT4|The 3rd's need to fund a war in France, whereas in the past investors would receive a physical proof of debt.
NEUT5|Nowadays, most gilts are traded electronically, but to keep it step funded, the UK has become increasingly reliant on the kindness of strangers.
NEUT6|Meaning international overseas investors.
NEUT7|Here in these rather anonymous looking offices is where the monumental task of selling the UK's that happens.
NEUT8|But the days when the head of this office could gather domestic investors over a Cup of tea to discuss the government's borrowing needs are long gone.
BULL9|Now the UK must compete on a global market.
BULL10|Overseas ownership of gilts has been steadily rising in recent years as the UK attempts to diversify its investor base.
BEAR11|Overtime ownership of gilts by domestic investors like banks and insurance companies, which used to hold the majority of bonds has fallen and a new buyer has appeared thanks to the Bank of England's Post crisis Bond buying program.
NEUT12|But overseas investors are the group that attract particular attention with China, Norway and US all responsible for some of the largest Holdings of UK government bonds.
BEAR13|The Bank of England recently cut interest rates to a record low and restarted a bond buying program, which explains why the UK's average cost of borrowing has dropped from about 5% before the financial crisis to below 1% now.
NEUT14|But placing UK debt in the hands of investors is a delicate balancing act because of the scale of borrowing.
BULL15|Every month the UK has to sell around £11 billion worth of gilts in global markets, double the amounts it was selling a decade ago.
NEUT16|This is why the volume of outstanding gillz has more than tripled in the last decade to £1.5 trillion equal to about £25,000 for every man, woman and child in the country.
BEAR17|There have been other times in history when public sector debt has jumped in a short period of time in the aftermath of the Battle of Waterloo and the Second World War debt as a percentage of GDP rose sharply.
NEUT18|So while the outstanding amount of debt might sound alarming, investors and economists pay more attention to.
NEUT19|This figure, compared with the size of the economy or the nation's gross domestic product in the UK's case, this is now just under 83%, which is neither the largest in the world nor the largest in the UK's history.
BEAR20|Since the vote for Brexit, the value of Sterling has weakened considerably, which might make international investors more cautious about the UK.
BEAR21|But the sell off in gilts that some people worried might accompany the vote hasn't happened.
NEUT22|"But then until the UK triggers Article 50 and begins proceedings to move away from the EU, the full ramifications of that vote on the gilt market cannot be guaranteed."""
