NEUT0|"""Kaylie and Tim Scott kind of gave throwback speeches in a way they hit a lot of the traditional reaganesque conservative tones."
NEUT1|But a lot of the rest of the convention was in the populist nationalist channel where Donald Trump has really moved most of the party and in a way that's the great question for Republicans.
NEUT2|Going forward is the story that I Chronicle in the book is how the Republicans move from Reagan conservatism to Trump nationalism and populism.
NEUT3|And the question on the table.
NEUT4|Now in this election and in the years ahead regardless of what happens is whether that's where the Republican Party in the conservative movement remain.
NEUT5|Or if they snap back to kind of what we all think of, or at least I think of as a more traditional version of conservatism.
NEUT6|You know the title makes me wonder.
BEAR7|It almost comes off as if it's written by an establishment conservative saying we should have seen it coming and almost shaking his head in dismay.
NEUT8|Is that what you mean to convey by this?
NEUT9|Or is it more of a hey, we should have seen this coming?
BULL10|We should have seen these changes that are underway and be embracing them and kind of moving forward with this new party that Trump has identified.
NEUT11|It's very much more the latter.
NEUT12|Kelly, it was an attempt to answer the question.
NEUT13|A lot of us were asking ourselves and scratching our heads about in 2016, which is how did this happen?
NEUT14|How did the party move?
NEUT15|So what seemed to be so radically from 1 version of nervous system to another?
NEUT16|But the truth and what I wanted to find out when I went back and piece this back together, was how did that happen?
NEUT17|Not just for Conservatives, but for all of us.
NEUT18|Frankly, in the media and elsewhere.
NEUT19|Who got it wrong or didn't see it coming that we should have seen it coming?
NEUT20|Because these developments in the Republican Party were developing over time.
NEUT21|They were happening in slow motion for years.
NEUT22|Pat Buchanan and Sarah Palin.
NEUT23|And look, let's face or fix Santelli and the rant about bailouts of homeowners and mortgage companies that set up the party.
NEUT24|All those things were signs that the Republican Party was changing and changing out the roots and those changes were moving up to the top.
NEUT25|Donald Trump got that in a lot of ways and a lot of traditional Conservatives who he beat in 2016 didn't get it right.
NEUT26|So let's talk about, you know Bobby Jindal in the Journal wrote and to not get a few days ago, saying after Trump is a different GOP says win or lose the party won't return to the old orthodoxy.
NEUT27|Populist ideas have put down deep roots, so do you know what I mean?
NEUT28|It all sounds like it's kind of vindicating Trump's win and perhaps suggesting he can do it again, and that this coalition that he's identified is a lasting one.
NEUT29|Well, I don't think we know that for sure yet, and I don't think it's that simple.
NEUT30|I think what is true and what I write about at the end of the book, in in some excerpts that ran in the Journal on Saturday is the fact that there are now a new generation of younger Conservatives who are trying to figure out how do we take traditional conservative thought and principles.
NEUT31|And adjust them to the age of Trumpism, not necessarily the Donald Trump himself, but to the idea that there is now, particularly the Republican Party and out in the economy in general.
NEUT32|A bit of a more populist and nationalist sentiment, and that may be conservative economic principles missed that maybe they were too doctrinaire in their embrace of free trade and globalization of the economy, and that maybe we need to adjust our message and people like Marco Rubio and Josh Hawley in the Senate and or in Kasson you've olivine who run think tanks.
NEUT33|Are all trying to meld these two things together, so I don't think it's black and white.
NEUT34|I don't think it's Donald Trump, yes.
NEUT35|Or Donald Trump, no.
NEUT36|"I think it's a journey to a new kind of conservatism potentially."""
