NEUT0|"""I hope you won't mind if I begin with you because I gotta say we cover this face pretty closely and I would argue that the opinions about whether or not true Senate reform is likely this year is really split."
NEUT1|Where are you right now?
BULL2|I'm very optimistic.
BULL3|Frankly, I think that given the Democratic majorities in the House and the Senate, given leader Schumer's comments earlier this week, I don't think there's any question that a number of pieces of legislation have a greater opportunity for passage than we've seen.
NEUT4|And anytime in the past.
NEUT5|How can you give us a better sense on timing and sort of what gives?
NEUT6|I guess not just the vote, the momentum, but the realization that it's time to have a vote at all.
NEUT7|I mean, where does this stack in the list of priorities?
NEUT8|'cause there's a lot of other things the Senate is consumed with.
NEUT9|Well there are two or three things that give me 'cause for optimism.
NEUT10|First of all, as you know, the house is acted a couple of times already on this important legislation, and so they've already set the precedent.
NEUT11|You see wider and wider interest in the states.
NEUT12|A number of states that passed meaningful changes in their legislation, and the laws that exist within mistakes.
BULL13|And then I think there's also an increasing realization that there's an economic opportunity here.
NEUT14|So given all of that, given the fact that a lot of this legislation is already been the subject of hearings.
BULL15|And greater and greater bipartisan support.
NEUT16|My my feeling is that while it may not be soon, it may not be in the immediate few weeks.
NEUT17|Sometime during this legislative session, you're going to see action on two or three important cannabis bills.
NEUT18|So in light of that Kyle, I mean when we see if and when we see decriminalization federally here in the US, then you see actual legalization take root as well.
NEUT19|How quickly could you actually ramp your operations stateside?
NEUT20|Well, it depends how the regulations unfold in.
NEUT21|In some degree we could, you know, unveiled products immediately.
NEUT22|You know we are one of the largest producers of cannabis outside the United States, 2,000,000 square feet.
NEUT23|You know, we're right up there with some of the other large producers like Tilray, Anna Fria.
BULL24|So I think we could.
NEUT25|We can launch product immediately.
NEUT26|Now if the regulation comes out and maybe a more contorted manner which has restrictions on imports or Interstate Commerce, you know we might have to adjust our strategy, but I think we could be in the United States very fast in fact.
NEUT27|This week we announced our first commercial import of CBD into the United States, so in some senses it's almost already beginning.
NEUT28|Yeah, I wonder what you think those regulations potentially should look like and I ask 'cause I know you also operate in places like Canada.
BEAR29|We've seen some challenges, some perhaps unexpected regulatory driven pitfalls in the Canadian market right now.
NEUT30|So what are the lessons that could be learned?
NEUT31|Well, I think you know clever leaves exist for a very simple reason, and that is to bring cannabinoid based therapies to as many patients and customers as possible, so you know from a social advocacy side.
NEUT32|I think that you know the governments of the United States and Canada should encourage as much product innovation as possible.
NEUT33|You know we are one of the few EU GMP certified Cannabis producers in the planet.
NEUT34|You know, there's only about three others by the way, I measure it.
NEUT35|We have those same capabilities and they're all in Canada, and if we can bring that expertise.
NEUT36|Those high quality production production systems.
NEUT37|I think the consumers and patients will benefit, so I am much I'm in favor of a system that allows as much innovation as much competition as as possible and you know, doesn't try to restrict cannabis and say, hey, you know cannabis grown in California that shouldn't be able to be shipped to Massachusetts.
NEUT38|And similarly, you know high quality cannabis pharmaceutical ingredients from Columbia.
NEUT39|You know those could be sold at drugstores in United States as well.
NEUT40|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT41|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
