NEUT0|"""Jeff Green is the co-founder and CEO and he joins us now."
BEAR1|Jeff, what is going on with your stock?
NEUT2|Why is it been this moon shot?
BULL3|Well, first of all, thanks for having me.
NEUT4|Well, you know especially this year with Covid.
BEAR5|But what happened was in March, we paused a relatively healthy economy and then advertisers immediately stopped doing as much advertising as they could pause as much as they can.
NEUT6|And then what happens is as things start to come back, everybody realizes that advertising is at the front end of that recovery and that they have to advertise in order to come back.
BULL7|And so we've just been a part of that recovery, and especially with Connected TV being just something that people are consuming more and more of, we've really just benefited by the nature of this recovery.
NEUT8|Yeah, Connected TV is just where I want to go or see.
NEUT9|TV is all the analysts call it.
NEUT10|It's part of their very bullish thesis around your company.
NEUT11|What exactly are you seeing in terms of demand?
NEUT12|There an where are those ad dollars going?
BEAR13|Yeah, well so so first you have to just highlight that this year has been almost perfectly horrible for cable, television and cable subscriptions.
NEUT14|You know we surveyed thousands of people right after covid happen and the number one reason why people were hanging on to cable was for sports.
NEUT15|Over 60% of them said that was the case and of course with sports going away with new content not necessarily being there with it.
NEUT16|Unemployment levels where they are and it being the most expensive part of people's TV.
NEUT17|Experience, people have gravitated to on demand.
NEUT18|And as people have gravitated on demand, given all those economic pressures, they also would rather pay for that content with an ad experience then to fork out another 1495 for yet another package.
BULL19|And so as a result, it's through the roof in terms of of reach and for the first time we're now reaching over 80 million households, and because of that cord cutting a broadcast television has fallen below 80 million households, so the opportunity for advertisers is unprecedented.
NEUT20|As it relates to see TV, Jeff how far away are we for over the top TV from Hulu to a Roku to a Peacock?
NEUT21|From the commercials on that being targeted to the viewer in the same way that commercials on a Google search or an Instagram I targeted 'cause they know who it is that's watching it.
BULL22|And when we get to that point, does that mean that revenue per eyeball for the broadcast that actually is going to increase because the commercials could have the potential to be so much more effective?
NEUT23|Yeah, we're we're already doing that, and it's not necessarily at the individual level.
NEUT24|It's at the household level, and so it's not.
NEUT25|It will never quite be the exact same grain that you have on your phone or or things that are a more personal device.
NEUT26|However, that's the only way that the TV experience stays as strong as it is, which is the thing that's so great about.
NEUT27|Connected TV is that you see much fewer ads, and they're more relevant, and then that makes it so you want to have a better experience.
NEUT28|And that's what is funding this really expensive.
NEUT29|Content so it's actually a really important part of the TV experience going forward and funding what is right now.
NEUT30|"The Golden era of television."""
