NEUT0|"""It's playing this video chart on ticker symbol, AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame for not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Well overall, today a very mild day.
NEUT4|I mean there is some movement here, but not a whole lot, so the level that I've talked about in past videos you know still do pertain, so I don't know if update would necessarily be the right word, but certainly confirmation be an accurate word, although there is an update in terms of the level of resistance that really revealed itself today.
NEUT5|First thing to do is actually a little house cleaning.
NEUT6|Just get rid of that line down there that has served its purpose for now and from a presentation standpoint I don't want to risk causing clutter and confusion 'cause there's lines are very long, so let's try to keep this as clean as possible, But the first thing I want to do is just.
NEUT7|Adjust this green line over here because this area still definitely is that key level of support didn't even come into play.
NEUT8|Actually, I'm actually going to get rid of that just because let's just really apply the KISS method here.
NEUT9|Keep it simple, stupid and keep it as clean as possible.
NEUT10|So from the overarching standpoint, just continue to watch the Purple line right there.
NEUT11|It's on my chart, denotes the very well known, the very famous 50.
NEUT12|Moving average, and that's currently valued right down there around.
NEUT13|We'll call it one 1525 so big picture.
NEUT14|Like I said, very straightforward, level of support.
NEUT15|Watch that moving average there as will be the key level in terms of levels of resistance.
BULL16|Still have the overall level up here around 1:18 but earlier I commented on, you know there was a level that really established itself today, so in the very near term an myself included.
NEUT17|I think there's going to be all sorts of breakout players watching 117.
NEUT18|I mean, I'm not going to count the number of times, but several instances their price got up around 1:17.
NEUT19|Couldn't breakthrough it once again.
NEUT20|Got up around 1:17.
BEAR21|Couldn't push through it so whenever the price does get up around that general area it just has not been able to push up through it.
NEUT22|So therefore you know there's going to be a bunch of people that have taken notice of that, and when there's lots of people watching the same level and wondering the same thing.
NEUT23|Called a self filling prophecy card if you want it.
NEUT24|Can definitely produce some very, you know, dynamic movements, so that's what 117 is represented.
NEUT25|But then again, if that level can be broken next key level up there at 1:18, but All in all, there's going to maintain levels on.
NEUT26|Watch it on Friday, so let's see how it all plays out.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me.
BULL30|To transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR33|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it all though.
NEUT35|Including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT36|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT37|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT38|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note.
NEUT40|Is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT41|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT42|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
