NEUT0|"""Hi, this is charting Mandan of the chart guys.com home of technical analysis education."
NEUT1|Click the link for a free week trial.
NEUT2|No credit card required and gain access to our multiple live broadcast daily Community chatroom, educational videos, nightly watch lists and more.
NEUT3|Invest in your education and future and join the community today.
BEAR4|Hello everyone, looking at Facebook on the daily and weekly timeframe bearish reversal candle stick, long Upper Wicca profit taking rejected from the Upper Bollinger Band and we're now looking for a red day of consolidation tomorrow.
NEUT5|Supported the low of the day one 1750 and then we have a target of the 50 day moving average of one 1675.
BEAR6|So what we did today to realize the potential for weakness in Facebook after the Daily Range was set fairly early in the morning I could see that OK, Facebook is seeing a little bit of weakness relative to SPY.
NEUT7|It's not.
NEUT8|Seeing the kind of bullish action that other names are seeing.
BEAR9|So if we see Facebook close below 118, we will be rejected by the Upper Bollinger Band Resistance and we will be left with a long upper Wick so that a curd after the high of the day was set.
NEUT10|We were still trading in the mid 118 range, but I could just anticipate depending on where we closed what the candle stick shape would look like.
NEUT11|So we closed under 118 bearish reversal, candle stick, upper Wick, Upper Bollinger Band Resistance Weekly chart is a bearish reversal Candlestick as well, but.
NEUT12|Four days left ago so that can can and will change.
NEUT13|Definitely not going to make any weekly assumptions yet, but in terms of the daily we are looking for a back test of the 50 day moving average support of one 1675.
NEUT14|If the Bulls do show up tomorrow and can close above that Upper Bollinger band Resistance, it's going to be in the low 118 range and will be looking at the high of the day one 1870 and then up to one 1943 resistance.
NEUT15|But again, this candle stick says consolidation is coming and so does the spy daily candle stick as well.
NEUT16|So look at this resistance right here that just stood out as I was looking back.
BEAR17|We had a little bounce attempt right here, rejected by the 10 day moving average resistance.
NEUT18|One 1868 was that top, so we broke that level by two pennies by pulling back.
NEUT19|That is clearly a resistance level to keep an eye on.
NEUT20|Now from this point forward and look back here, one 1873 was the high of May 2nd.
BULL21|So price action indicating some potential.
BULL22|Resistance because we have traded around this level multiple times before and that is where we pulled back from today, so we'll check back in tomorrow and see if we do get this red date confirming this candle stick.
BULL23|I appreciate you watching.
NEUT24|"See you then."""
