NEUT0|"""Millions of us wear these everyday, but if you ever wondered what powers the wireless headphones behind the tiny batteries inside your Apple Airport price Lisa Story, the story of 1 smart move that created a billionaire you've probably never heard of water, but the German company makes hundreds of millions of batteries a year."
NEUT1|The batteries are tiny, but pack 100 times the power over their lifetime as a household battery 10 times its size.
BULL2|Hottest deals with Apple Samsung, another gadget makers, lifted its market cap to more than $2.8 billion and analysts estimate that the market for wireless headphones could grow 30%, almost $30 billion in the next four years.
NEUT3|But 13 years ago, this business is only worth $40 million when he is brought by the Austrian entrepreneur Michael Theuner.
NEUT4|It was a big player in this tiny niche hearing aid batteries but had a big problem and you deal despite batteries for the Apple.
BEAR5|IPod Nano went up in smoke when one of his batteries exploded.
NEUT6|Twiner and his new CEO went back to the drawing board.
NEUT7|They invest in technology making the batteries stronger and longer lasting and automation everything is made at two factories in Germany.
NEUT8|20th turnarounds in the IPO Vawter has helped him build $1.9 billion fortune, according to Forbes analysis, this wasn't on his first deal.
NEUT9|He snowballed a student business selling ice cream to tourists in Vienna and kitchen gadgets decyne Europe into becoming a venture capitalist.
NEUT10|In the last decade, he's moved on to bigger deals, building an industrial group spanning batteries to packaging to airplane parts with more than 11,000 ploy ease around the world.
NEUT11|So what's next for toilet?
BEAR12|He's under the spotlight back at home in Vienna for controversial property deals, and Vanta has launched legal action against Chinese battery makers.
BEAR13|It accuses of breaching its patents, trying to muscle into the lucrative wireless headphone market.
NEUT14|Michael Joyner himself has bigger plans.
NEUT15|"He wants averted battery not only new ears, but in wearable medical devices powering homes and electric cars."""
