NEUT0|"""I'm joined now by Katie Stockton who is founding managing partner at Fairlead Strategies."
NEUT1|She's a technician, meaning she watches the charts to help predict the next market move.
NEUT2|Katie.
BULL3|Great to see you this evening.
NEUT4|Well, what do you make of the bounce that we saw today and the level?
NEUT5|Of course it came off as to what it implies for the week ahead.
BEAR6|Well, today's bands was really best case scenario after last week's price action, very dramatic declines to the downside for really all the major indices in around the world.
BEAR7|So the pullback that we saw was very fast and furious and was characterized by very heavy volume.
NEUT8|You can see that in ETS like the spiders and that volume tends to be reflective of emotional trading so that emotional trading is more indicative of a counter trend move than the start of a bear market or any kind of big bearish reversal.
BEAR9|However, we really need to see even more of a retracement for some stocks by Friday's close in order to avoid confirmation of the breakdowns that we saw last week.
BULL10|So it really places a lot of importance on this week's price action that we see gains.
BULL11|Of course, today's games were very impressive and certainly help somethings preserve support, including the spiders.
NEUT12|So if we were closed the week at this level, that would be a very good thing.
NEUT13|So is it kind of an either or scenario now, Katie that we bounce significantly and within a week or two get back to the recent highs.
NEUT14|Or we fall aggressively or or could the level we close that tonight be held for some time?
NEUT15|It could certainly be held.
BEAR16|We do sometimes see those kind of V bottoms, especially in these kind of emotionally charged environments which are characterized by what was overly bearish sentiment going into today.
NEUT17|It's the sentiment that to me is is the driver of what we've already seen.
BEAR18|There's a lot of fear and a lot of uncertainty uncertainty around the coronavirus, and that's what's affecting the market.
NEUT19|And of course, once folks get any kind of bit of good news, they may hold on to that and just let the market rally from here.
NEUT20|Without even a retest, so there's no way to predict whether there is a retest or not.
BULL21|"Bottoms are often processes as opposed to V bottoms, so you can't be sure, but as it stands, I think we assume that if we see a strong close this week that that's a positive development."""
