NEUT0|"""Ants initial public offering was supposed to be the biggest listing in history."
NEUT1|Then new regulations in China turn the IPO from a seemingly sure thing into the biggest misstep for capital markets of 2020.
NEUT2|So did Beijing squash a great deal?
NEUT3|Or were regulators just looking out for the little guy?
NEUT4|China's biggest financial technology group had planned to start trading its shares on Thursday, November 5th in Shanghai and Hong Kong, but just days before it was set.
NEUT5|The list, Shanghai Stock Exchange slammed on the brakes a day earlier, regulators, it announced new draft measures for online microlending, which makes up about 40% of its revenue in the lead up to the IPO and tried to brand itself as a tech company, even going so far as to remove financial from its name.
NEUT6|But the message was clear.
BEAR7|Ants future would depend on China's banking regulators, the same ones Jack Ma had criticized a few days earlier in an outburst that earned him a dressing down from Beijing.
NEUT8|The draft rules mean that aunt, another online lenders, will be treated much more like banks.
NEUT9|They will have to hold significantly more capital to back loans made on their platforms and there will be a cap on how much they can lend to each individual and payment platform.
NEUT10|Alipay is ubiquitous in China, but it's fast growing consumer lending business was the real driving force behind the IPO.
NEUT11|The business X as a high tech matchmaker between borrowers and banks.
NEUT12|Taking an estimated fee of about 2.5% for each loan, it arranges.
NEUT13|Bhutan took almost none of that risk on from 1.7 trillion renminbi in consumer loans.
BEAR14|Now analysts say the new rules could force it to provide much more of the capital itself and hold far more of those loans on its own books.
BEAR15|One analyst estimates that the share of loans on the company's books could shoot to 20% if it is treated like other lenders in China, that is, music to the ears of China's biggest state banks who have long been critical events.
NEUT16|Business model.
BULL17|For investors who had been salivating over $37 billion, IPO the new rules sinus signal that ants business model would have to change drastically from The Wanted pitch during its roadshow and price to earnings ratio, which measures how much investors are prepared to pay for each dollar or renminbi of earnings, and is a key metric of profitability would have clocked in at a very techie 48 times based on its IPO pricing.
NEUT18|Thanks, however are generally valued under 10 times earnings.
BEAR19|Treating it like a bank would almost certainly bring its PE ratio dramatically lower and with it the funds the company could expect to raise through a listing.
NEUT20|The $37 billion question is whether Beijing was right to pull the idea.
NEUT21|Regulators had to determine whether the benefits of ants lending practices were worth the increased risk in China's financial system.
NEUT22|Once they had decided it wasn't the next call is whether they wanted to upset Jack Ma, the company and the institutional investors who had back the listing or the hordes of retail investors who bought into the IPO.
BEAR23|And we're set to take a serious loss when shares started trading once the decision was made to treat online lenders more like banks, the heavy buy in from retail investors probably made pausing.
BEAR24|Ants listing inevitable, but by doing so at the last minute, regulators of upset pretty much everyone and raised questions about why they waited to step in.
NEUT25|Until the 11th hour.
NEUT26|Anne, Meanwhile, has to meet a host of new requirements and explain why it deserves a rich valuation.
NEUT27|When Beijing plans to treat it like a run of the mill lender.
NEUT28|Whichever side you're on, nobody really comes out of this deal looking good.
NEUT29|"And when it does finally go, public investors aren't likely to forget the biggest capital markets debackle of 2020."""
