BULL0|"""In late October, the manager of a big long only Japan Fund returned from a European client tour with a perfect record."
BEAR1|28 meetings, 28 implacable Y negative views on Japan.
NEUT2|Many of those are formed from visits to places like Osaka.
NEUT3|The industrial heartland of Japan, where the challenges facing companies and the very limited successes of Abenomics seem all the more clear.
BEAR4|But contrarian klaxons rarely Blair so loudly, and the third week of November says the Tokyo Stock Exchange do lease off foreign investors in their biggest splurge of net, Japan buying since the ABBA Nomics Bull Run of January 2015.
BULL5|The sharp post, US election, dissent of the yen, will have helped that leap of faith, but so too have the latest results of the world's biggest pension fund.
BULL6|The fact that topics profit margins in the first half of fiscal 2016 were rising, despite the end strength during that time.
NEUT7|And a bleakly, the gold plated Honma Golf Club that Prime Minister Shinzo Abbe gave Donald Trump.
NEUT8|The thing about those 28 investor meetings says the Fund manager who injured them is that the questions always came back to Abenomics.
NEUT9|Whether it is now terminally out of puff and whether any of its achievements have burrowed deep enough to offset big sell Japan signals like demographics.
NEUT10|But those images of Mr. Abbay meeting the US President elect and embracing an era of gold plated golf clubs offer the powerful reminder that Japan swims in tormented global waters and that Abenomics is not.
BEAR11|The relevant narrative now with that anchor, weighed the tailwinds for Japan feel, aligned, the strongest of those come from Japan's tightening labor market, where monthly job advertisements with the promise of rising wages and inflation hit an all time high in October.
BULL12|Another is analysis from CL essay that shows that topic share prices, which strongly favor finance related sectors and the markets price to book ratio are more closely correlated with rising U.S. Treasury yields than with fluctuations in the dollar yen.
NEUT13|FX rate, but another critical factor says SMBC Nikko's.
BULL14|Jonathan Allen is Japan's government Pension Investment fund, the godfather of the great rotation from bonds to equities whose most recent quarterly returns were boosted by a 7.14% return from the domestic stock portfolio.
NEUT15|Even now, according to some estimates, Japan's public pensions have scope to buy an additional 5.5 trillion of equities.
BEAR16|"They may find themselves doing so into a market dominated by foreigners rushing to buy the not Abenomics story."""
