NEUT0|"""Going to cryptos, age tends to make crypto revolution today."
NEUT1|Let's look at the investment analysis of Ontology before that, please make sure to subscribe and click the Bell icon to receive instant updates.
NEUT2|Ontology is a public blockchain startup whose main feature is maintaining trust.
NEUT3|Trust established between businesses and the people or projects they are involved with.
BULL4|The blockchain brings forth a new era of identity verification and Ont plans to capitalize on it in several ways.
NEUT5|Their network offers support to private chains for businesses or services that may require smart contracts and identity verification for either products or people.
NEUT6|With millions of scams and fraudulent accounts popping up everywhere, and ontology investment is counting on the future.
NEUT7|Need to verify the legitimacy of people, assets and organizations using the blockchain.
NEUT8|In addition, their white paper allows for credit validation on the chain.
NEUT9|This could potentially be the future of identification and business credit on the blockchain.
NEUT10|This token has an interesting tech, but it also has many many competitors inside the space of smart contracts and identity verification.
NEUT11|Competition is not always a bad thing though, as it often shows that there is a real need for the technology in question.
BULL12|Though they definitely have a serious boost considering the parent company of this currency Unchained was selected to be part of the Microsoft Accelerator.
BULL13|This means that Microsoft will dedicate financial resources, marketing tools and strategy development plans to help expand the project.
BULL14|It's hard to get a better endorsement than that, and it certainly gives them a big advantage.
BULL15|In addition to this, they've also started their social media presence on the right foot.
NEUT16|Ontology team is quite large and they have a wide array of academic accomplishments and skills.
BULL17|They've also all been involved with previous blockchain projects, which is great as it means they more than likely have the required experience to see a project of this particular scale through.
NEUT18|While it seems ONT's biggest rival would be the chain, it's built on Neo.
NEUT19|The fact is that they are taking that technology and expanding it.
BULL20|Their team is making all the great things about their base chain safer and customized.
NEUT21|Different industries will be able to totally customize how their own chains interact with the public chain, and this opens the door for institutions with sensitive information like banks or even world governments to begin migrating their data and operations to the blockchain.
NEUT22|While development will most likely be slow going for a project with such a grand scale, when adoption does happen, it will happen quickly and before you know it, everything will be on the chain.
NEUT23|But finally, my thought is that it is not best for long term holding in profits technology is good but not based on profits.
NEUT24|So invest at your own risk.
BULL25|"Thanks for watching."""
