NEUT0|"""Charlotte bring us up to date what what?"
NEUT1|What's the new information that that interested you this morning?
NEUT2|Yeah, so this is an announcement we have been waiting on for some time and the company has announced this morning that it plans to January £5 billion in new financing through going to shareholders or rights issue and then a further 3 billion in bonds and loans.
BULL3|I think the key new information we got this morning was that the company is pretty confident that it's job done.
NEUT4|As the CEO said.
BULL5|With this financing plan and this should take it through even the worst case scenario of another large second wave of covid.
NEUT6|Yeah, obviously it.
NEUT7|Yeah, so this is what they think they need to shore up the balance sheet to get them through through the winter, which is interesting in itself.
NEUT8|What about the the sort of frontline performance of the company at this point?
NEUT9|Then Charlotte, I was drawn to the comments from the CFO saying that engine flying hours for September are not too bad and this matters that the number of hours that their engines are in the air is something that they earn money on.
NEUT10|Exactly.
NEUT11|That is one of the key metrics for the company and I would say not too bad.
NEUT12|It's maybe a case of taking her glass half full approach.
BEAR13|You know the overall the companies engine flying errors have been significantly hit by the pandemic they had started to improve in August and I think what they're saying is that gradual improvement has continued Zan, but I don't think we can conclude from that that rule devices out of the Woods to take Lillie with the fact that we are seeing the cases rise again across Europe and elsewhere in the world.
BULL14|There was talk of sovereign wealth funds being involved and putting some money into the business, but I think your reporting suggests that there was some pushback against that.
NEUT15|Yeah, so the company here.
NEUT16|You know, with this latest announcement is turning to its existing shareholders rather than sovereign wealth funds, something that might be a bit of a relief to UK based employees as well, because the company doesn't already have a presence in Singapore and there was some consignment that getting a sovereign wealth fund from Singapore involved might have meant moving more work there.
NEUT17|"Yeah, from what we understand now, they're focusing less on their existing investors, but it's also important to point out that a lot of this plan is conditional on those existing confessed investors being willing to buy more shares, the additional £3 billion in bonds and loans that the company hopes to secure it is conditional on that backing from the shareholders."""
