NEUT0|"""Hi, in this video we will know about the mutual funds asset under management analysis icon in the Mutual Fund tab of the Stock Edge app asset under management is the total market value of the investments that is managed by the mutual funds on behalf of its investors."
NEUT1|It is basically the total worth of all assets in stocks, debt and other financial instruments such as gold and cash held by a mutual fund.
NEUT2|When you click on the AUM analysis icon on the Stock Edge app, the first page that opens will contain a list of month wise mutual fund a Umm on the basis of the asset class they invest in.
NEUT3|So you have the option to view the UN per month of equity debt, hybrid, another mutual fund separately or together.
NEUT4|This is a great way to know in which asset class investors are parking their money each month.
NEUT5|Depending on the market condition.
NEUT6|A second tab you can select from the top is the AMC Wise a Umm AMC stands for Asset Management Company which is basically the company which is running the mutual fund.
NEUT7|You can also select the asset class which you want to know has the most au M for any AMC.
NEUT8|Clicking on any AMC will take you to a detailed am page of the AMC.
NEUT9|Such information will help you in knowing the month wise most popular AMC's which investors choose.
NEUT10|A third tab you can choose from the top is the class wise tab.
NEUT11|Here you can view the total AUM of the various types of mutual fund scheme.
NEUT12|The Mutual Fund class refers to the different categories of schemes under each asset class.
NEUT13|For instance, under the equity funds class, there are categories such as market cap funds, index funds, and dividend yield funds.
NEUT14|Similarly, under the debt category, there are mutual funds under liquid funds, overnight funds, long term funds, and so on.
NEUT15|This tab helps investors gauge which class of mutual fund is most preferred by investors at any given point in time.
NEUT16|So the AUM tab is a great tool to understand how the money is flowing in the markets between various asset classes.
NEUT17|Sometimes such trends can be very helpful in understanding where the stock markets and economy are headed.
NEUT18|It may act as an indicator.
NEUT19|Each data is carefully interpreted by our expert team of mutual fund analysts and updated in each category of mutual fund.
NEUT20|At the end of every month.
BULL21|"Thank you for watching."""
