NEUT0|"""In the previous video we took a look at the divergences between the private sector and public sector, US yield curves and the fact that the private sector you'll curve typically does a better job of forecasting future GDP growth than does the public sector curve."
NEUT1|But we've not yet addressed is.
NEUT2|Why have the two diverged?
NEUT3|Why is it that the private sector curves still remains inverted?
NEUT4|Whereas the public sector curve has flipped positive in the answer comes actually at both ends of the yield curve.
BULL5|So at the short end of the yield curve, US Libor rates have risen relative to three month T-bills.
BEAR6|As a result of the funding stress in the repo market, particularly the stress experienced in the middle of September when repo rates blew up to as much as 10%.
NEUT7|By contrast, at the long end of the curve we see the exact opposite.
NEUT8|Treasury yields have actually come above swap yields, which is a relatively unusual phenomenon in the history of the markets, although one that we have seen at times over the past ten years, and there's a very simple explanation as to why this is taking place, and it can be answered in two words.
BEAR9|Budget deficits, for example, during the late 1990s, when the budget deficit turned into a Sir plus U.S. Treasury yields plunge compared to swap yields.
BEAR10|However, in recent years with very large budget deficits during the financial crisis and again during the past few years, we've seen a tremendous amount of U.S. Treasury issuance and at trim at Treasury issuances push the Treasury yield above swap rates so the yield curves are actually diverging at both the short end and along end of the curves.
BEAR11|In both of these are sending potentially negative signals for the future direction of the US economy.
BEAR12|The short end of the curve funding stress is not a great thing for companies wishing to borrow money.
BEAR13|At the same time, the very large US budget deficit could limit the US government's ability to respond in the event of an economic slowdown.
BEAR14|The fact of the budget deficit, having grown from 2% of GDP in 2016 to nearly 5% of GDP today, could make it harder for Congress to cut taxes or raise spending if the economy were to slow down.
NEUT15|"I'm Erik Norland, senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
