BULL0|"""Good morning investors and traders."
NEUT1|This is a Muslim chief market analyst at our trade and welcome to our daily update on our YouTube channel.
NEUT2|If you haven't subscribed to our channel, I'll highly recommend you to do so because help you to get all the notification.
NEUT3|The moment that we go alive and why that is important because then you can ask us any questions in this live segment as we go now.
NEUT4|Internet stock market.
NEUT5|What we're really seeing is a bit of a retracement across all the markets and I'm talking about the docs that cast the stocks extended the stock 50.
BEAR6|All of these stock indices are very much trading to the downside.
NEUT7|Now if the question is why are these to, why are we seeing these particular moves?
NEUT8|Why the stock indices are trading to the downside?
BULL9|It is because we have seen really big stellar rally on there are in terms of the stock market yesterday, how big that rally was, we can quantify that by looking at the S&P 500 index, which says well over 2.5% and recorded one of its best one day gain since June last year.
BULL10|So obviously with such a massive performance, stock prices are likely to retrace and then the investors are likely to share some profit.
NEUT11|And that is exactly what we're seeing.
NEUT12|We're not seeing that continuation or for more main term that we have seen yesterday and then now we seeing traders taking bookings and profit or from from their trades that they build.
NEUT13|They put in place during this particular week or but perhaps Lisha said last week as well.
BEAR14|Now in terms of a commodity markets, I'm still seeing gold prices trading pretty much flat.
BEAR15|But the momentum is still skewed to the downside, and this is despite the fact that gold prices have entered into an important area of support.
NEUT16|If you wanted to know more about that in terms of a technical analysis, we have done a technical analysis video on that today as well, covering gold.
BULL17|And of course Bitcoin and oil is well.
NEUT18|So all those those videos are up on our YouTube channel just right over here.
NEUT19|So if you like the content, please do give it a like because it really help us.
NEUT20|On our YouTube channel now in terms of a Bitcoin prices, as I was saying, the prices are slightly moving to the to the in in the sideways.
NEUT21|Earlier we did cross that 50,000 price that will in terms of a Bitcoin price however big 50,000, it still remains a key technical level, but something really quite important with respect to that is when we look at the Bitcoin price on the four hour time frame because there is this battle of a price with their 50 and 100, a simple moving average and then the moment that.
NEUT22|Why is Plex and then go above the 100 and simple moving average?
NEUT23|That would be very much the last confirmation trade in terms of a Bitcoin on the four hour time frame, which is really going to continue the which is really going to push these prices to the upside in terms of a Bitcoin now to in in terms of currencies.
BEAR24|Of course we're seeing a lot of momentum in a in the dollar index and that is pushing the euro against the dollar to the downside.
BULL25|And of course we're seeing the same momentum in Sterling as well.
BULL26|One last final thing that I kind of wanted to touch base and wanted to discuss with you guys is about crude oil crude and Brent or both of them are trading to the downside and that is in anticipation of a big or pipe meeting which is taking place on Wednesday on Thursday and the expectation is that during this meeting we are going to see or pack plus increasing his supply.
NEUT27|Now because of those particular fear, markets are really sort of, uh, the oil prices are retracing from the heist.
NEUT28|"That's all for now, and I'll see you guys next time."""
