NEUT0|"""There's been over 100 hedge funds created in the last year that are interested in trading digital currency, and we have hundreds more reaching out to us looking from traditional hedge funds, sovereign wealth funds, family offices seems like everybody is interested in digital currency these days."
NEUT1|Certainly the interest is there, Brian, what?
NEUT2|What is what are you giving these institutional clients that they otherwise didn't have access to?
NEUT3|Obviously you could kind of be snarky about it.
NEUT4|Say the whole point of Bitcoin is to remove the risk of intermediaries, but how does it work?
NEUT5|Yeah, well coin based custody is seeking to become the first qualified custodian for institutions that are looking to store digital currency.
NEUT6|And So what that means is they need a secure, compliant way to store funds on behalf of their LP's if they're going to start investing in this space.
NEUT7|And from what we've seen, there's probably about $10 billion of institutional money sitting on the sidelines waiting to flow into digital currency.
NEUT8|And the main thing blocking it is just the existence of a qualified custodian like this, so that's what we're seeking to become.
NEUT9|With our coin based custody product.
NEUT10|And where Brian?
NEUT11|I mean, is Bitcoin the one that for you guys has the most interest?
NEUT12|Is it ethereum?
NEUT13|You know what's the demand like out there?
NEUT14|Well, you know everything started with Bitcoin really about five years ago here, but it's now turned out to be that there's dozens of these digital currencies actually there.
NEUT15|I think there's about 50 to 100 now with a market cap over 100,000,000, so it's almost becoming like stock market 2.0.
NEUT16|If you want to think of it that way, and you know the ones that are most exciting to us that we have on the platform today are Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin, but there's many more that are going to be added to the platform in 2018, and I think this is going to be a really exciting space for.
NEUT17|All kinds of institutional investors to make money.
NEUT18|So if the SEC cracks down and we know it already in China, they crack down initial coin offerings and so forth.
NEUT19|What happens for you guys?
NEUT20|Is that represent a material risk that you could be involved.
NEUT21|You know cast judgment upon for helping facilitate all this?
NEUT22|Or would it simply be a business risk, because then people wouldn't have as much demand to store these?
NEUT23|Yeah, so we've stayed out of adding any Ico's on the platform to date just because of that regulatory uncertainty and I do think there's a good chance that some percentage of those Ico's will end up being considered securities.
NEUT24|You know the head of the SEC has said as much and so we're approaching that area very cautiously whenever we decide to add a new asset onto the platform.
NEUT25|You know we really look at a number of factors and we released getax new asset trading policy just a few weeks ago.
NEUT26|They give some more insight into how we do this, but.
NEUT27|We look at things like what the regulatory risk is.
NEUT28|We do some diligence on the team.
NEUT29|We do a security audit of the coin, what the customer demand is and we consider all of those factors before adding it to the platform.
NEUT30|So we're really looking to provide a safe place where customers can have assets that they trust and participate in this market.
NEUT31|Hey there, thanks for checking out CNBC on YouTube.
NEUT32|Be sure to subscribe to stay up to date on all of the day's biggest stories.
NEUT33|You can also click on any of the videos around me to watch the latest from CNBC.
BULL34|"Thanks for watching."""
