NEUT0|"""One of the most surprising things about the press conference today came towards the end when the Governor mentioned that there was room for more rate cuts."
NEUT1|Previously, a lot of the talk from the monetary board had been about career reaching the effective lower bound of monetary policy, the point of which passed rate cuts don't really have the desired effect.
BULL2|Well, this really brought back rate cuts onto the table.
NEUT3|And we've now penciled in a rate cut for their next meeting in October.
BULL4|But we're also sticking with the view that there will be some more unconventional policy loosening to try and push down long term bond yields.
NEUT5|So, Alex, what does that unconventional policy look like?
NEUT6|What are the tools?
NEUT7|Does the BOK have to address this and perhaps other other measures that the government can also take from a fiscal side to improve the outlook from here?
BULL8|Yes, well the government has already said that it's going to try and extend support to low income people who are affected by the 2nd wave and the economic downturn that comes with it.
NEUT9|But monetary policy still probably has a role to play so far.
NEUT10|The bank has said that it will intervene if there's excess volatility in long term bond yields, but it stopped short of giving anything more sort of explicit as a commitment so.
NEUT11|We think the most likely next step is some sort of yield control, probably with a yield target targeting the 10 year bond yield, for instance.
NEUT12|OK, interesting Alex.
NEUT13|What do you think the upcoming trade data is going to tell us about the state of the global recovery?
BULL14|Yes, so obviously career a very good bellwether for trade across the world because there are large open trading economy in there really timely trade data.
NEUT15|So we we actually have trade data for the 1st 20 days of August.
BULL16|Showed that while exports were hit at the start of the month by flooding in the middle of the month, export growth was still fairly strong, so it shows that the recovering global traders is probably carrying on.
BEAR17|"That said, if you look at it in levels terms, it's still well below exports are still well below what they were averaging over last year, so there's still a fair way to go before we're back to pre crisis levels."""
