BEAR0|"""Now let's get back to Uber because those shares are off about a little more than half a percent today on news that they're going to be divesting themselves of the Uber freight truck brokerage arm for about $500 million, they're going to."
NEUT1|The biggest part of this selling their stake in this.
NEUT2|Let me start with Emily on this one.
NEUT3|Is this a smart move for them or is this because the pandemic, they've gotta reconfigure their business model?
NEUT4|I think it's probably a little bit of both out of.
NEUT5|I mean, if we think about Uber's business just taking a look at the last quarterly results that we had really was driven here, these results by the food delivery business.
BEAR6|We even saw the ride hailing business turning negative when it came to gross bookings year over year.
BEAR7|The same thing here with freight really seeing some weakness here.
NEUT8|Freight along with those other.
BEAR9|Ambitious parts of the business, like the Advanced Technology Group, even like the food delivery business, also being actually money losing for the company on an adjusted EBIT basis.
BULL10|So I think at this point Uber is trying to become a somewhat leaner company, divesting away from some of these moon shot goals.
NEUT11|Some of these businesses that are outside of the core platform outside of ride hailing, which actually is profitable for the company if we just take a look at it at a unit by unit basis and focusing here on again, this core part of the business model going forward.
NEUT12|Back in the 1990s, the Business School Mantra was focus on your core competency and don't get involved in extraneous lines of business.
NEUT13|So maybe Uber is learning or re learning that lesson.
NEUT14|I think Emily's got it exactly right.
NEUT15|This has been a sprawling operation and they just seem to be consolidating down a little bit.
NEUT16|They probably need to consolidate down a lot more to get to profitability.
NEUT17|Do what you do best and forget about the other stuff.
NEUT18|Hey investors, Zach Guzman here?
NEUT19|Are you interested in learning more about the markets and getting the latest financial news?
NEUT20|Well then click right here.
NEUT21|To subscribe to our Yahoo Finance YouTube channel, get the latest up to the minute market analysis.
NEUT22|"Big interviews in the world of finance and information on how to manage your money every day wherever you are."""
