NEUT0|"""Hello everyone this is duty."
NEUT1|I'm going to present before you the Stock Bridge report on Facebook, which I've done in my full phase assignment in equity research program.
NEUT2|The bed is present in this document on my own and have no bearing responsibility if they're wrong and misrepresent now we move into analysis of Facebook, which include these major segments, fundamental analysis, ratio analysis, valuation analysts using DCF, discounted cash flow technique.
NEUT3|In company analysis, it shows the global economic operations of Facebook and the emerging markets.
NEUT4|Then we move into the company analyst details in which we look into SWOT analysis which is study to understand internal strengths and weaknesses as well as external opportunities and threats.
NEUT5|Porters 5 forces to analyze the level of competition within the industry.
NEUT6|Best analyst is to analyze the political, economical and technological factors.
NEUT7|Here we can see the SWOT analysis of Facebook.
NEUT8|The strength of Facebook are it has more than billion users, hybrid degration, high prestige weaknesses or Facebook are advertisement is only source of major revenue or Facebook.
BEAR9|It has low diversification of business.
NEUT10|Opportunities of Facebook are optimization, search results, search engine thread.
NEUT11|So Facebook are rapid technology change and user add blocks.
NEUT12|Then we move onto bottles by forces.
BEAR13|These are threat of new entrants, bargaining power of buyers, threat of substitute products or services, bargaining power suppliers, rivalry among existing competitors.
NEUT14|Then we move on to base analysts.
BULL15|In this in political factors, political stability in developed countries, popular government support for globalization is a major opportunity for Facebook, while political barriers in the Chinese market is a thread for Facebook, in economic effectors, increasing stability of developing countries, rapid economic growth of developing countries, and increasing disposable income is an opportunity for Facebook in social, cultural increasing preference for high quality services.
BULL16|Increasing online buying.
BULL17|Increasing support for corporate social responsibilities are major and fast supported on Facebook in technological terms, increasing user mobile devices.
NEUT18|Is an operational Facebook while increasing number of online social media companies and diversification of online digital forms is a major threat and consent for Facebook now we move onto ratio analysis.
NEUT19|Here we have average ratios of Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.
BULL20|Here we account for a better return on assets return on equity, current ratio, debt equity, PE ratio, P bias ratio.
NEUT21|Here we can see that current issue Facebook is land born and six.
NEUT22|Which means that company is not using it.
NEUT23|Current assets efficiently.
NEUT24|These are financial habits of Facebook.
NEUT25|Now let's move into the valuation of Facebook.
NEUT26|For the valuation, we need certain values.
NEUT27|These are RF risk, free rate of return RM.
NEUT28|Market rate of return beta is premium.
BULL29|Ari return on Equity G growth rate.
NEUT30|Now let's move on to target base analysis.
NEUT31|Target price analysis is important to decide whether to buy a share or sell a share.
NEUT32|Here we can see the number of shares outstanding for Facebook, current market, price of Facebook shares, terminal growth rate, terminating am target price, expected return of stocks target be multiple.
BEAR33|Here we can clearly see that target price of shares is less than the current market price to share.
NEUT34|So I would recommend to sell the shares of Facebook.
BULL35|"Thank you."""
