NEUT0|"""You're looking at companies like Delta, Coca Cola, and a variety of others in State Georgia, for instance, that release a lot of public pressure to come out and say something about these Georgia laws."
NEUT1|You know you can go out and say you're not for certain laws, but are these companies going to further and not back certain campaigns now that they're against these laws?
NEUT2|Are they going to start ramping up lobbying?
NEUT3|We did a story recently about about these companies in Georgia.
NEUT4|We ask them point blank, are they going to be supporting these lawmakers going forward through campaign contributions after they did?
NEUT5|In years past and they did not really commit to doing that, we did the same thing the other day in the key state of Florida, where there's also bills that are being proposed in the House in the state Senate, and we ask these companies, some of them have not come out at all to say anything about the Georgia laws.
NEUT6|By the way, some company like Disney, which is very supposed to be family friendly.
NEUT7|We went to them.
BULL8|We said OK, you have response to the bills that have been passed in Georgia.
NEUT9|Do you responsibility across from Florida?
NEUT10|And are you going to support these lawmakers going forward?
NEUT11|And again, no response, but we look at Major League Baseball.
NEUT12|Major League Baseball is one of the companies actually has physically done something.
NEUT13|They have moved their All Star game from Atlanta and reportedly and moving it into Colorado, former President Trump Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and many, many other Republican leaders are starting to now respond to these corporations.
NEUT14|The irony, of course, is that is that Republicans at the federal level, state level and beyond have relied on corporate support for years.
NEUT15|Forget the campaigns you want to battle back burner.
NEUT16|When Donald Trump is putting together his tax plan, Republicans in Congress putting together a tax bonds in around 2017, they saw a bevy of corporate support for that plan.
BEAR17|But that has shifted in in the last year or so.
NEUT18|Is Joe Biden became president as the political headwinds changed, and I think that's where the pressure is coming from.
NEUT19|I think it's coming from the consumers.
NEUT20|I think you know, these companies are saying, you know, hold on a minute.
NEUT21|You know we're going to see some sort of you know.
BEAR22|Protests against our brands protest against our bottom line that could impact our bottom line.
NEUT23|With that said, they are now being put into a position to respond and the Republicans are pushing back and saying hold on a minute.
NEUT24|We can boycott you to politics as becomes more partisan as we, as we've seen in the last few years with Trump into the 2020 election and and you know the fight between Biden, Joe Biden and Donald Trump that is really created.
NEUT25|This this scenario for companies where, yeah.
NEUT26|"They're going to have to probably get deeper involved with politics than they want to be."""
