NEUT0|"""These three stocks are the stocks to pick in Q2 2021, but I'm not a financial advisor."
NEUT1|This is not financial news.
NEUT2|This is purely for entertainment.
NEUT3|You guys are here for most stocks news.
NEUT4|If you want to learn more about stocks and crypto, do subscribe down below and turn on the notification Bell.
BULL5|These three stocks are stocks that I bought long time ago, but I do believe that you have the opportunity to enter the market now at the right time.
NEUT6|I'm going to talk about these stocks one by one, but I'm not going to make this video too long, so I'm going to only give a brief summary about the stock and you can do your own research, no more, but the stock and the company itself.
NEUT7|So let's go.
NEUT8|Start number one is BNGO bioenergy.
BULL9|Nomics this company has huge upside potential both long term and short term.
NEUT10|Short term wise there's a lot of catalysts that might come up.
BULL11|New inventions, new discoveries and their marketing team is super Super strong.
NEUT12|Plus the whole genomic space is getting more and more popular and more people want to fund these researchers and as of now this stock is pretty much close to its intrinsic value because like I said this above near term batana long term bet for this one.
NEUT13|So if it dips after you buy it, just hold it.
NEUT14|If it doesn't dip.
NEUT15|If it goes up you can sell it.
NEUT16|If you want to make a quick profit is up to you.
NEUT17|But in my opinion, never sell second company.
NEUT18|Look at this check cap, not know people don't talk about this company that often, but Tom Nashtam naturally endorses this company, and I believe it's because the cash rich and he just recently received FDA approval for people to study of the C scan, meaning that they will either get FDA approved or declined.
NEUT19|But with my research I believe that they will get approved and when they get approved probably a few months from now, the prices of it will shoot out.
NEUT20|So that's a near term back before long term.
NEUT21|Bet this space definitely has.
NEUT22|A lot of potential because in short, they're doing this pill that you swallow the scan or work as a pre examination for colonoscopy to detect any cancer cells.
BULL23|This company not only does good for investors, but this good for people and also for medical companies.
NEUT24|This is Ken technology can be revolutionary and this is one of the companies that is at a very very discounted price last month and this month the choices are over cannabis and as you can see a few years ago they were at $100 three times three times so it's very likely when this pandemics.
NEUT25|Over for it to go back to a certain level because cannabis is definitely growing space and Biden is all foil among all the other cannabis companies I have.
NEUT26|My faith in this one because I have someone who knows a person who knows another guy.
BULL27|Yeah, therefore I strongly believe that our cannabis is a company that can grow exponentially within a few years and expressed frustrations is good for you to buy short term or long term is a company that's good fundamentally and they potentially could have a couple of catalysts coming in their direction.
BULL28|And thank you guys so much for watching my video.
NEUT29|Do comment down below what you think about my stock picks.
NEUT30|It's not the conventional stock picks, but like Warren Buffett always says, don't follow the hype.
NEUT31|Always go against the current and also check out my stocks were down in the descriptions and you want to start investing using rible.
NEUT32|To use my link down below, you get 2 free stocks, even valued up to $1000.
NEUT33|"I'm going to now sit my coffee and I'll see you guys next time pizza."""
