NEUT0|"""Toggles Delio video insights."
NEUT1|I am Jan one of the cofounders of Toggle an for those of you who are joining us for the first time.
NEUT2|Welcome.
NEUT3|We are going to take a look at one of the insights toggle produces everyday across 15,000 assets that it monitors.
NEUT4|And if you'd like to see more of these insights and follow how we analyze an look for interesting drivers and pressures across a number of different stocks, sign up to our YouTube channel or check us out on target or Global where you can actually also.
NEUT5|Sign up and try.
NEUT6|Toggle yourself today.
NEUT7|We're going to take a look at Costco, a company.
NEUT8|A lot of you will be very familiar with, and it's a favorite of many shoppers.
NEUT9|An specifically, what you're able to see here is the toggle started highlighting quite a number of these price pressures quite early on.
BEAR10|In fact, too early, probably in some ways, but it has consistently been highlighting that the price action that has taken the stock down to about 311 was probably a good opportunity for many to buy into this stock, and so the most recent.
BULL11|Analysis is now actually showing that potentially the earnings growth, as you can see down here might suggest quite a bit more upside to the current run up.
NEUT12|So if we click on this analysis here, it's going to take us straight into the insight itself so we can see what the analysis is all about.
BEAR13|And as you can see from the write up toggle, put right up front, there have been six similar occasions where we've seen this kind of incremental deterioration in analyst expectations for Costco.
BULL14|And that historically this has actually been quite good for the stock.
BULL15|In fact, it led to a median increase in Costco prices of almost 10% of the following three months, in other words.
NEUT16|By the time analyst expectations.
BULL17|Had deteriorated, market has has had by and large already priced that in and so the stock saw quite a bit of positive price action subsequently, or at least within the three month window.
NEUT18|The entry point of three 5494 this is this was published a couple of days ago, but currently the price is trading still very much in line with this, a little bit higher you would expect the price to stay within this confidence that role and then the median projection would have it go to about three 8875 again.
NEUT19|The confidence interval indicates that there is potential substantially beyond that price level, but again also to be wary of levels below three 3804 where the suggested price action would deviate too far from the norm and therefore probably some other driver a bearish one is relatively more important for the price action, so that's a good good place to put the stop loss or revalue the thesis Now why it might move.
NEUT20|You can see that actually there have been previous episodes where the.
BEAR21|Estimates for forward growth had dipped to these current levels, and that actually all do you need to squint to see it.
BULL22|Subsequently, the stock surprise to the upside and the price action was quite favorable.
NEUT23|Looking at the back test itself, you can see similar situation for yourself.
BEAR24|These are the outcomes from all of the trading days previously, or rather three months after the analyst expectations have first deteriorated to the point where we're seeing now and although quite choppy, the profit.
NEUT25|Investing $1.00 and reinvesting in each of these six episodes would have landed.
NEUT26|You have one point, $6 of profit subsequently.
NEUT27|So much for Costco today in the Daily Brief, which by now for those of you who are subscribed, should already be in your mailbox.
NEUT28|As we also discussed the implications of the global.
NEUT29|Of the minimum global corporate tax.
NEUT30|And if you'd like to receive the Daily Brief, please again go to Target Global annual.
BULL31|Be able to sign up there.
BULL32|"Thanks for attention and we'll see you again tomorrow."""
