BEAR0|"""US job growth slowing for the month of December?"
BEAR1|Does this signal declines in other areas of the economy?
NEUT2|Let's bring in Chennai a chief economist and a global head of Economics and Morgan Stanley here at Post 9 welcome.
BULL3|My pleasure to be here.
NEUT4|Want to get your thoughts on the jobs report we got today and what that signals, I guess more broadly about where the US fits into this global economic picture right now because I think what's so interesting is we've seen this contraction manufacturing.
BEAR5|We've seen a drop in consumer sentiment and an in cap ex.
BEAR6|And yet, and I realized it was softer than expected.
BEAR7|But hiring continues, yes, absolutely, and the number is not so bad if you look at the fact that the economy is at this levels of unemployment and the fact that the growth is now supposed to be slowing down.
BULL8|Towards the trend, and we think this is consistent with 1.8 one point 9% GDP growth which we expect over the next 12 months.
NEUT9|So it's not really bad.
BULL10|I think we're going to continue with this kind of numbers over the next 12 months.
NEUT11|Do you expect the biggest swing factor for the US economy to be?
NEUT12|Whether the trade deal is done or not?
BULL13|Or is that now already kind of assumed to be the case and we've got to look to other factors on the US economy, so it still remains a big important point for the US economy in terms of outlook because we do want to have that investment growth come back into positive territory.
NEUT14|If you look at the equipment investments.
BEAR15|It's declining, you're on your right now and we don't want that to be continuing.
NEUT16|We want that number to come back.
BULL17|We want net exports again to come back into positive territory to support the growth, which is going to happen this quarter, and probably in the coming quarters too.
BULL18|So we need that support for manufacturing and investment to come back to sustain that number of around 1.8.
BULL19|One point 9% GDP growth when you look at other developed markets to developed economies, clearly the US has a little bit more flexibility left in terms of monetary policy stimulus if needed versus the negative rates that exist in some places.
BULL20|But they have perhaps a little bit more flexibility when it comes to fiscal stimulus in the year ahead, and likelihood of that being deployed.
NEUT21|How do you think about the likely impact of either of those two and and what that means for relative growth rates with the rest of the developed economies?
NEUT22|So while, as I mentioned, we're expecting US going to flatline around one point 81.9, we expect the rest of the world to accelerate quite significantly, and there are three reasons.
BEAR23|One of it is the cause that you mentioned that there is going to be a divergent in the path of fiscal policy in the US versus euro plus UKUS.
NEUT24|We think it will be.
BULL25|Relatively flat, whether there's going to be a significant fiscal stimulus in USA, Europe and UK at the same time.
BULL26|The other thing which is changing is the trade tensions easing and the fact that the other central banks have eased a lot more to especially emerging markets.
NEUT27|You're going to see a pickup in global manufacturing in a meaningful manner, and the US valuable benefit with this manufacturing coming back U.S. trade to GDP and manufacturing GDP is much lower than the other parts of the world, so that's the second factor which will make a difference in terms of the relative growth differentials and the third one is the fact that the US is actually quite much in late cycle, whereas those guys, especially emerging markets are in the.
BULL28|"Early stages of the business cycle, so that's why we think that the growth differentials will move back into the favor of rest of the world."""
