NEUT0|"""Yeah, I just told the rate picture there's a story crossing the wire now."
BEAR1|JP Morgan is cutting emerging FX emerging market FX to market weight because of the rising yield story in the US.
NEUT2|Is the picture changing your playbook at all?
BULL3|Will look the US borrowing a lot and having a higher inflation target, which Chair Powell downplayed somewhat, and Luckily he's aware of these things in his testimony yesterday, all of this will probably weaken the US dollar in time, but we've got a tremendous amount of consensus positioning that's underweight, the US dollar, and the fact that we're seeing, for example, Europe, push back on sovereign yields rising.
NEUT4|The ECB likely to do more.
BULL5|I haven't heard the Federal Reserve talk about stepping up the pace of QE from 120 billion per month, while the Biden administration pushes through a record large stimulus.
BEAR6|So it's very possible that we're in a countertrend rebound in the dollar, which causes a bit of trouble for some of those dollars sensitive assets.
NEUT7|And then of course, the rise that we've had in yields that comes with.
BEAR8|This creates some problems for very interest sensitive growth assets, which is the big story we've been covering for last few days.
NEUT9|Right, right Neil?
NEUT10|Are you having to walk some people off the ledge in terms of worrying about a rate shock or a rate scare either now or later in the year?
NEUT11|You know at ADP we're looking at the labor market and the Federal Reserve is sitting right in the middle.
NEUT12|It's nestled right there between Wall Street and Main Street, and their concern is the labor markets.
BULL13|Making that recovery in the labor markets, which is going to be a real claw.
BEAR14|Back ten million people still out of work.
NEUT15|That's the concern of the Fed and in the process of doing it, the by product or the Super low interest rates, which is fueled the stock market.
NEUT16|So so it's really for us.
NEUT17|All about jobs, and that's what it is for the Fed right now, and I think that the Fed is actually ahead of the curve.
NEUT18|I know markets like to think that the Federal Reserve is behind the curve, but on this the Fed is figuring out two important things about the economy.
NEUT19|Once that lower growth conditions there probably more permanent.
BULL20|So below 3% growth is probably likely in the future.
BULL21|After we get these short term births and two the economy can sustain a much lower rate of unemployment.
NEUT22|Than previously thought and still not generating any inflation.
NEUT23|The markets haven't caught up to those two things that the Fed has totally reoriented its policy around.
NEUT24|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT25|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
