NEUT0|"""Watching space is getting to the point where there is a kind of ceiling inside, right like."
NEUT1|If you talk to the average until educated person at this point, they probably have heard of blockchains at least once, and so there isn't an opportunity for like yet another round of 1000 X growth and anything in this space anymore.
NEUT2|Arena Cross asset Reporter Derek Lam is yet would, you would make of that but written comments.
NEUT3|I've heard pronouncing his name correctly, and as all the easy money being made with cryptos, I think he's got a good point.
NEUT4|You know the 1st 567 years of existence for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, it kind of got by on a lot of word of mouth, you know, started off really, really small and kind of exploded.
NEUT5|We saw the effects of that end of last year.
NEUT6|Well, the point is that pretty much everyone in their mom and dad knows what Bitcoin is now at least have heard of it.
NEUT7|So there isn't like a lost continent of people that don't know about crypto currency to buy into it at this point, and that's kind of deterrence.
NEUT8|Point is that you know, it's not that that's going to drive growth from here.
NEUT9|It's going to be.
NEUT10|Getting people more involved and really building at the use case for crypto's which gives that other leg up right.
NEUT11|So you spoke with him course what was he doing in town?
NEUT12|He's in town for a Ethereum industry summit in Hong Kong over the weekend on Saturday, so it's really kind of a big confab of developers talking about right there.
NEUT13|Latest ideas.
NEUT14|The things they're working on, kind of bleeding edge of software within the Ethereum network, and he also presents it actually at the end as well, talking a little bit about what he's been working on with Ethereum as well, and institutional money.
NEUT15|I mean, how about that angle?
NEUT16|Is that this sort of?
NEUT17|Fuel that this this this this asset class generally needs to to get that next leg up.
NEUT18|Yeah, you know.
NEUT19|Like last week we had a lot of back and forth about whether Goldman was going to bring in their trading desk or not, so we're still not really clear.
NEUT20|They're kind of said they basically have never had a timeline for this, but that's the ongoing conversation we've had all year.
NEUT21|And you know, it's interesting that material actually commented on that that he says like in a way he'd actually be happier if there wasn't any institutional trading for another five years.
NEUT22|His argument is that if all they've made.
NEUT23|Is something that millionaires trade back and forth between each other?
NEUT24|Then you know what have we actually accomplished here?
NEUT25|And I think that goes to his points again that he's a real believer in crypto currency as the future of money as like a thing that we can use.
NEUT26|It has practical economic uses as opposed to something that is like a Beanie baby.
NEUT27|They just trade back and forth.
NEUT28|What do you think of the inventory?
BEAR29|Are people making of the SEC suspending trading in trackers of Bitcoin and ether?
NEUT30|Well that's interesting because it comes at the same time as Citigroup is.
NEUT31|Talking about bringing in something called DAR's digital asset receipts, which is similar actually to the securities that just got suspended by the SEC, so it's a lot of questions there.
BEAR32|I think the industry is still kind of digesting that because as you see, you know we're seeing prices come off a little bit today.
NEUT33|"The big sell off was on the weekend, but you know, we're still figuring out where this stands."""
