NEUT0|"""Well, I think that you know the gold and lately the silver."
NEUT1|And really it's the silver gold ratio mean reverting.
BEAR2|So silver something some serious catch up, but that's really fairly obvious that it's correlated with deepening negative interest rates.
NEUT3|It's correlated with the weaker U.S. dollar and correlated with the fact that when you look year over year, you know you have them one growth running at 37%.
NEUT4|Sarah, you got M2 at 24%.
NEUT5|We've taken out the growth rates of money supply in the 1970s that would have made the likes of Arthur Burns and Miller blush.
NEUT6|So a lot of this is just monetary creation and gold and silver.
BULL7|Great hedges in that environment.
NEUT8|I mean David, is it also predicting a recession, which at times in the past gold rallies have done or or in fact quite the opposite?
NEUT9|Because of all of that stimulus?
BULL10|Is it possible that this rally in gold prices will be correlated with a very strong economy next year?
NEUT11|Well, that's a great question.
BULL12|I would say that you know gold is actually done better since the reopenings believe it or not than it was during the depths of despair in March and April, and I think it really comes down to the fact that the precious metals complex.
NEUT13|I'd say like almost other every other asset class is responding to not just what the Fed is doing, but by what the Fed says.
BULL14|It will continue to do.
NEUT15|And so you know that at some point inflation will come back.
NEUT16|Not immediately, and when it does, the feds told you they're going to have yield control strategy, which means that in real terms, these negative interest rates go more negative.
BEAR17|That's the real ballast here for the rally in gold and silver is this realization that interest rates in real terms are going more negative than they have at any other time in the Post World War Two period and the bull further negative and the opportunity cost of holding gold ultimately is is Neil in that sort of environment.
NEUT18|So that's really what the trade has been, that even with the economy recovering.
BULL19|"It's recovering and part of the expectation because the Fed is going to become more and more aggressive that feeds right into the bullish view on precious metals."""
