NEUT0|"""This is not owning Bitcoin directly, but this is somehow only an investment that trades along the lines of Bitcoin."
NEUT1|Explain how that works, right?
NEUT2|So we're a registered investment company, Ark, Invest.
NEUT3|We can only own financial securities.
NEUT4|GPTC is what the Bitcoin Investment Trust effectively liquidates into.
NEUT5|If a person after a one year holding period does not want to continue to hold if they want liquidity, so our funds onji BTC, which sells at a premium to the underlying Bitcoin Investment trust, exactly what I was going to ask because they track Bitcoin.
NEUT6|But there's a problem.
NEUT7|There is that because they are, we would say, in legal terms alienable.
NEUT8|You can actually, for example, you inherit shares in that, in a way you can't inherit Bitcoin.
NEUT9|Yes, I think the premium is because of the scarcity value in my RA, for example, I can't own anything.
NEUT10|I can't get any exposure to crypto except through G BTC.
NEUT11|No one can, and same with our funds are K Anarch W. So we have bought the Bitcoin Investment Trust we through GB TC.
NEUT12|We tried to buy the underlying but the New York Stock Exchange preferred a traded security and so that's how we ended up with GTC, which Eric takes us to regulation.
NEUT13|I mean, people have been trying to set up ETF's in Bitcoin with the CDC said no, no.
BULL14|Thanks very much.
NEUT15|Take back your application.
NEUT16|What's the issue there?
NEUT17|Well, the issue there first of all, besides the issues with the Bitcoin market and fraud and all that that was the initial denial of the Winklevoss Twins.
NEUT18|They had been in registration for years.
NEUT19|That was in March, but then the whole race got revived.
NEUT20|When the CBO E announced that it was going to try and list Bitcoin futures pending CFTC approval.
NEUT21|When that happened, you saw three new issuers jump in and say, hey, we're going to have a Bitcoin ETF that tracks futures, just like USO tracks oil futures, they thought, and I think they were hearing from the SEC that if there was a futures market.
BULL22|They would be having more institutional liquidity.
NEUT23|It would make it easier for market makers to arbitrage, and ultimately that what happens underneath the surface of an ETF and the arbitrage is highly necessary to avoid what happens in the BTC, which is this massive premium.
NEUT24|That's why the majority of ETF's, actually all of them trade very close to the Navy because arbitrage is possible.
NEUT25|"So when the Bitcoin futures list, which I estimate maybe early next year, maybe mid 2018, I think you'll see some of these ETF's approved very quickly afterwards."""
