BULL0|"""Hey guys and welcome to the channel."
NEUT1|In this video I'm going to be talking about T2 Biosystems ticker symbol PTO.
NEUT2|I'll talk about why I think the stock at 10 times in the near future, so stick around.
NEUT3|Before we get into the video, make sure you hit the subscribe button to keep up with our daily videos and also check out the links in description to the patrion in the Discord.
NEUT4|So just a disclaimer with stock, since it is a penny stock.
NEUT5|Make sure to be careful with these penny stocks.
NEUT6|Is there high risk high reward stocks?
BULL7|So looking at the stock today, we rose up quite a bit, but I still think there's a lot of growth potential for this stock.
NEUT8|The company's products are used to detect different types of pathogens and biomarkers, and they also can analyze the health of the patient through this technology.
BULL9|This tech also allows them the ability to detect diseases as well as different resistance genes and their bodies blood system all from this one device and one huge thing about this company as they already have multiple studies that show the product is effective in the early detection of diseases, which greatly raises the chances of survival as we know that early detection is the key to treatments being more effective in the company's technologies continue to become better and better over the years.
NEUT10|The company's plans to focus on detecting diseases even sooner than they are currently found.
NEUT11|Another big thing is the company recently had an article showing that this company's product was even able to find one of the new strains of kovid, and it was one of the first to do so.
NEUT12|So one of the major markets is companies in right now is for suspicious, which is responsible for about one in five dust for people that end up with the disease.
BULL13|So I think this tech could be huge for the healthcare sector.
NEUT14|Is this product is able to detect diseases in jeans quicker and more accurately than doctors, and that's not to say that these doctors aren't trained very well.
NEUT15|It's just the limitations of humans.
NEUT16|And another thing I look at when I'm looking at these type of stocks.
NEUT17|Is who's invested in them, and we know that Vanguard and BlackRock are both invested.
BULL18|Overall, I think this company has a lot of potential and I think we could see 10 to $20 a share depending on what we see.
NEUT19|What do you guys think?
NEUT20|Let me know your predictions down below and remember, this video isn't financial advice, it's just for entertainment purposes only.
NEUT21|"Make sure to do your own research before investing."""
