BULL0|"""Using humor, lightheartedness and some wit is a really powerful way to disarm and demystify some of the stigma around."
NEUT1|Talking about money and start the conversation.
NEUT2|The E trade brand is unique and special in so many ways and it's very near and dear to my heart, so really leading the brand is a responsibility that I take incredibly seriously and the stewardship of that brand going forward is something that I think about every day.
NEUT3|He trade was founded as the original place to invest on line and really has a rich history of innovation.
NEUT4|And of empowering individual investors through technology and are actually much more Silicon Valley than Wall Street in many ways.
NEUT5|And that culture has permeated everything that we do throughout the years, including our advertising and the external expression of our brand, which has a long history itself of being irreverent and having an edge to it in a way that speaks very differently from other brands in the marketplace.
NEUT6|So we returned to the Super Bowl for the first time in five years and really, our message to consumers was to take a look at their savings.
NEUT7|One third Americans aren't saving enough for retirement.
BULL8|By all accounts, we hit the goals that we wanted to reach.
NEUT9|We're able to make a statement that each rate is about more than trading.
NEUT10|It's also about investing for retirement.
NEUT11|But really, for us, the Super Bowl is more about the long term.
NEUT12|It's not about one day in one advertisement, so putting a stake in the ground and proclaiming that we're here that we offer retirement services was really an integral part of our business strategy and we will have a sustained campaign behind that message.
NEUT13|So my grandparents were dairy farmers, so while they didn't live on the farm, we did spend a lot of time there.
NEUT14|There's a number of lessons that I learned from my childhood.
NEUT15|I think the hard work and tenacity is one of them, and it certainly applies to the creative development in the marketing world as well as we go through iteration after iteration, perfecting the communications that we create one of my.
NEUT16|Passions is the creative development process.
NEUT17|So my favorite time in the course of a campaign, for instance, is when you know you have a fantastic idea.
NEUT18|"You vetted it with consumers and feel like it's a winner, and then you go through that kind of operational process of development, production, working with your director's casting and getting all the nuances exactly right, and then finally being able to share it with consumers."""
