BULL0|"""Hello investors and welcome back."
NEUT1|Now is Modanna stock a buy more in this coming your way please do consider subscribing and yeah let's get to the news now.
BULL2|Banana stock has been surging to a record high in early December and of course this is after reporting strong effectiveness for its coronavirus vaccine.
NEUT3|But of course she has have been moving up and down, and this is on the news that Merck, which is also a pharmaceutical company, sold its equity investment in the biotech company.
BULL4|Now the biotech company has said it would seek emergency use authorization from from the Food and Drug Administration, as well as approvals in Europe in other countries.
NEUT5|But of course it is important to remember that Morgana doesn't yet have a commercially approved product.
NEUT6|Now more Diana is also trailing Pfizer and bio and Tech, which on December 2nd actually Pfizer and Biontech.
BULL7|They gained authorization in the UK for their coronavirus vaccine.
BULL8|So basically they have an edge compared to Morgana, but this is in the UK, not in America now shares of Moderna stock hit a record high on December 1st after the company said it's coronavirus vaccine was 94.1% effective.
BULL9|In a phase three test, of course, comparing it with Pfizer and Bio N Tech who actually say their coronavirus drug proved to be 2095% effective in final phase testing.
BULL10|Then, Pfizer, Intex vaccine generally has a much better score.
BULL11|But of course, Modanna has several supply agreements for its coronavirus vaccine, and in August the US government actually signed a deal for 100,000,000 doses.
NEUT12|In exchange for up to $1.5 billion in that deal also includes an option to actually buy another 400,000,000 doses.
BULL13|Now, a monthly later, the company announced Canada hiked its order commitment to 2,000,000 doses and in October Moderna partnered with Takeda Pharmaceuticals and the Government of Japan to actually supply fifty million doses of its vaccine.
BULL14|Also, recently, as we all know, Morgana announced a supply agreement with the UK for up to 7,000,000 doses of its vaccine, and the company also signed a deal with the European Commission for an initially 8,000,000 doses with the option to actually buy more 80 million losers in the future.
NEUT15|Now with all this news, do you think Madonna is a buying stock?
NEUT16|"Well, I'll let you decide in the comment sections."""
