BEAR0|"""While interest rates remain low around the world, investors are yearning for yield, so chronic is the situation that some 11 trillion U.S. dollars in bonds, mostly in developed markets are negative yielding, meaning that investors have to pay for the privilege to hold them."
NEUT1|So how about something more exotic erimin be denominated Chinese government bond that offers you 3.6%?
BULL2|Or perhaps a Chinese provincial government bond that offers more than 6% more investors are finding this a compelling prospect, taking advantage of the fact that China has taken material steps to open it.
NEUT3|Remember the denominated bond market in recent months?
BULL4|The number of overseas institutional investors venturing across this unfamiliar frontier has surged by nearly 50% this year to 469 in March.
NEUT5|To put this into context while overseas buying of Chinese bonds represents a significant shift in terms of global investment flows, the market remains still exotic.
NEUT6|The reasons for this are varied.
NEUT7|Firstly though, the Chinese domestic bond market is huge, with the capitalization of 9.3 trillion U.S. dollars, and it's the third biggest in the world run memby denominated investment products remain unfamiliar to many funds.
NEUT8|Secondly, assessing risk can be tricky in a market where about 99% of bonds are given an investment grade rating.
NEUT9|By Chinese rating agencies.
NEUT10|Thirdly, China's policy making process is opaque, meaning that forecasts for the value of the renminbi and the future of capital controls is hard to judge, but some see this very opacity as their opportunity.
BULL11|They say that with superior knowledge of how China really works, it is possible to reap decent returns.
NEUT12|This interpretation is borne out by the yields on Chinese U.S. dollar bonds, becauses investment in these bonds does not involve any currency risk.
BEAR13|The yield is considerably lower than on their remembered denominated counterparts.
NEUT14|And as the chart shows, they offer only about 150 basis points.
NEUT15|Above U.S. Treasury bonds.
NEUT16|Whereas renminbi denominated bonds offer more than twice that.
BULL17|"And the recent launch of hedging mechanisms for overseas investors in renminbi products has brought what used to be Terra Incognita into the realms of the possible."""
