NEUT0|"""One of the things that I think entrepreneurs often underrate is storytelling."
NEUT1|So I think that the job of an entrepreneur of a founder is to a creative vision of what the future might look like.
NEUT2|To have a concrete notion of a better place that you want to get to.
NEUT3|And that's step one envisioning.
NEUT4|But Step 2 is really investing in the art of storytelling, so less Excel, more PowerPoint, less numbers, more vision and storytelling.
NEUT5|I think one of the toughest lessons I learned, and I learned early on in my career.
BEAR6|It's about firing people I used to procrastinate.
NEUT7|I used to drag the process out and I thought and I justified it to myself and to others that I was being thoughtful and kind and generous.
NEUT8|And I was being none of those things beating about the Bush did them no favors whatsoever, and to the extent that I was being generous, I was being generous with somebody else's money.
NEUT9|And it was a tough lesson to learn that really, being direct, being fast to cut when you need to do it in a dignified manner that actually really does respect the other person and treats them as the adult that they are rather than trying to soften it.
NEUT10|The point that they don't quite know what's going on and you.
NEUT11|Try to reassure yourself that you're doing a kindness, but you really aren't.
NEUT12|My career has been success as it heads and plenty of failures as well.
NEUT13|Got a checkered career, but I think that on the occasions that I've been successful, it's due to two or three things, one which I actually rank really highly is good fortune.
NEUT14|I think it's very tempting to underrate the importance of luck in all good things that happen to us and they lock can be literally dumb luck.
NEUT15|Random things that fall your way.
NEUT16|But it's also just the lack of where you were born.
NEUT17|What time you were born into what kind of family?
NEUT18|What can I jeans all of that all things that you inherit without having done anything in order to deserve them and says I think luck is an important thing.
NEUT19|And then the second one and this is an expression of that luck is working with amazing people and the thing, good things that have happened during my tenure always happen because I have amazing partners, amazing investors, amazing people that I work with and the third thing which has been just a constant in my life is my my wife.
NEUT20|Antonio is the love of my life.
NEUT21|She's been my partner in thought and action since we got to know each other many years ago, and again, none of the successes that I have had would have had without.
NEUT22|Doing what you love always involves sacrifices and tensions and not being able to do all the things that you want and trade offs that you have to make on the continuous basis.
NEUT23|So we are in a company that is trying to transform an industry.
NEUT24|We're trying to build something of enduring value and perspective that we take to that is measured, not even in years but in decades.
NEUT25|Insurance companies grow to be absolutely vast, and oftentimes they sustain that growth and they sustain that size for decades if not hundreds of years.
NEUT26|So that's really the mission that we see for ourselves, and we're trying to keep our eye on that goal.
BULL27|"The milestones along the way with big sounding numbers helps and is nice, but it's not the focal point."""
