NEUT0|"""Hello Welcome days technical analysis."
NEUT1|It's Monday, February 26, 2018 and Christina, Bethany investment analyst at exam.com and today will be looking at the US dollar versus the Swiss franc or the daily chart.
BULL2|So Dollar Swiss, he managed to bounce from more than two year lows last week.
BEAR3|There is side dropped marginally below 13 oversold territory as the clastics positive positive crossover below 20.
BEAR4|Therefore we saw prices picking at zero point 94.
BEAR5|08 on Thursday, but still this game so were not enough to break this dissenting channel.
BULL6|However, we can also see that Dollar Swiss has been playing neutral the past two weeks, and seems that this consolidation phase might extend in the short term.
BEAR7|According to the other side, which is still holding neutral below slightly below 50, while if we look at the gym or Queen Decatur's, the rectangles headline is below the blockages in line, but has flat, and suggesting that the market might keep arranging for awhile.
BULL8|Now, in case prices moved to the downside, immediate support could come up.
NEUT9|This red line cars in line at Zero Point 9297.
BEAR10|Then the next stop could be at the previous law of Zero Point 9187, which we've broken would increase chances for further downside corrections towards the bottom of the channel at zero point 9072.
BULL11|Now, if it's that their market gathers positive momentum, prices could retest the previous higher to your point 9408.
BULL12|This seems to be a strong barrier because it used to provide both resistance support in the past.
NEUT13|The blue can you send line is also located in this.
NEUT14|Area by giving further importance to this level.
BULL15|Now further up the top of the channel could be a potential target currently seen as your point 9468, which is broken with justifying increases towards a 0.95 key level and the 50 day moving average at your point 9554.
BEAR16|Turning out to the medium term picture, the market maintains a bear shot look since dollars we see continues to trade below the 50 day moving average line.
NEUT17|Which is currently negative slope and shows no signs of changing direction are.
BEAR18|Moreover Mcatee down here still well below 0, but seems that the index has started deviating above its signal line, suggesting that downside pressures might come softer.
NEUT19|So that's all from it.
BULL20|"Thank you for watching and have a great day."""
