BEAR0|"""Meantime, the conversation really pivots around the jobs number around the government support and of course the technical aspects of trading that really came into sharp relief yesterday."
NEUT1|For more on all of that, David Kelly joins us.
NEUT2|Today, JP Morgan, asset management's chief global strategist and Diane Swonk Grant Thornton, chief economist, Happy Friday guys.
BULL3|Good to see you again.
NEUT4|Got a beer?
NEUT5|Diane, let's just start with the jobs number itself.
NEUT6|The word satisfying was used from some guests on Squawk Box this morning.
NEUT7|You go along with that.
BULL8|I I'm glad to see more than a million jobs created in the private sector.
BULL9|That certainly is good news.
BEAR10|The pace of job creation though is slowing, especially once you strip out those census workers which will be laid off again at the end of September.
NEUT11|There's some things that I think are important is that Sarah noted as well as the underlying fragility in some of this data.
NEUT12|The move of the number of workers that actually were being paid by their work but not at work that reflects the PPP loans.
BEAR13|And they are the ones most vulnerable to be cut as we move into the fall.
BEAR14|To see the slowdown in the pace of hiring the pace of recalls and not being able to really generate new jobs in professional services.
NEUT15|Over half of the games were came from temporary services.
NEUT16|People using temporary hiring services.
NEUT17|That's the complete opposite of what we saw pre crisis, so there's underlying fragility in the data.
BEAR18|Even though we are still seeing above a million gains as we slip below a million if we get below 1,000,000 into the fall, which is my concern when the headwinds pick up.
BULL19|You're going to take even longer to regain what we lost, let alone create new jobs up there.
NEUT20|And that's one of the things that I'm concerned about, especially for women.
BULL21|Great improvement in the unemployment rate.
BEAR22|Yet the participation rate for women stayed stagnant.
NEUT23|Much of the increase in participation came from men in teens, and you can also imagine that many teenagers are having to have to supplement their families that now don't have that extra supplement in their unemployment insurance, and they're having to work when their mothers can't.
BULL24|Right now you've done a great job at highlighting some of the inequality's that we're seeing even amid the broad recovery.
NEUT25|Diane David.
BEAR26|As for you, I'm wondering relative to expectations, not so much this number for August, but in terms of, say, the unemployment rate at 8 four, that's not only below double digit, but it's below some of the year end targets that we've heard from sell side analysts.
NEUT27|An Fed officials themselves like Bullard.
BEAR28|Well, yes, but it's a very volatile number.
BEAR29|What originally happened was between February and April 25 million jobs were lost in the Household survey, but only 22 million jobs were lost in the payroll service.
NEUT30|You got this tale of two surveys.
BEAR31|What happened today is that the employment number the Household survey came back up to be more in line with the payroll survey, but the thing that sort of strikes me about this is there are still 3.7 million people less in the labor force than was the case back in February.
BEAR32|These are people who stopped looking for work.
BEAR33|Now as we go month after month with just normal unemployment benefits, a lot of these people are going to scramble basically to find any job and because of that I think unemployment could pick up again.
NEUT34|So if you added those 3.7 million people back in your talking about a true unemployment rate of about 10.7%, so it is better.
BULL35|There is some improvement here and I'm glad to see the improvement we've seen.
BEAR36|But we really do need to cure the pandemic if we're going to get that other half of the sort of 22 million people laid off in the pandemic.
NEUT37|If we're going to get them re employed.
BULL38|"We've got to get to the end of the pandemic."""
