NEUT0|"""As investors look to the reopening of the US economy to help support equity markets, our next guest has a few reopening trade ideas of her own."
BULL1|Let's bring in Karen Finerman, CEO of Metropolitan Capital Advisors, and of course, a fast money contributor caring good to see you.
NEUT2|So I think when we think reopening trade right, the first things you think about, of course, are the airlines, the hotels, the mall from the restaurant groups, but you actually like also some of the big cap pharma names.
NEUT3|Tell us how you think they benefit from a reopening.
BEAR4|So what's happened for Big Cap Pharma is that the whole country, the whole world really was very preoccupied.
NEUT5|Of course, with the pandemic and a lot of people didn't end up going to the doctor last year like they would have normally done, and prescriptions didn't get written.
BULL6|And I'm optimistic that that will turn around as we reopen.
BEAR7|You know, even work talked about, they think they lost 5% of revenue from people not going to the Doctor, so 5% of revenue is actually a very big number.
BULL8|So as we start to see people come back, I think you're going to see revenue growth here and.
BEAR9|It's not reflected at all, so when I look at the stocks like the ones you talked about that a real reopen trades like a mall or airlines or hotels, the stocks have already rallied very hard and in some cases I think sort of too far.
NEUT10|I own a couple of those, but I think they're starting to really be priced in like a Live Nation, so you know that's as bad as reopening trade, as you can get stuffing thousands of people in a closed space and having him scream for three hours.
NEUT11|You gotta be really comfortable with the reopen trade.
NEUT12|The stock fully reflects that.
NEUT13|So I don't think the risk reward there is as compelling as some of the big cap pharma, and I think even without that we haven't seen these kinds of prices relative to the market for what are some very, very high quality companies, great cash flow, great balance sheets, even some great dividends.
NEUT14|I don't like to buy for the dividend, but I'm not going to hold it against them if they have a great dividend, so there's a lot to like and it's got that sort of under the radar reopen trade.
BULL15|Yeah, not to mention the goodwill that some of these big pharma companies are now receiving.
NEUT16|As a result of, you know, discovering these vaccines that many of us are benefiting from, so that's a sort of added* there as well.
NEUT17|Karen.
NEUT18|You also like financials, tell us, tell us why you like that, and maybe some of the perfect storm elements that really create a compelling story for financials.
NEUT19|Yeah, so a lot of great things are happening at the same time for financials, and obviously they've run up, but some of the things for me that I really like, so let's look at the money center banks, which are the ones I own.
NEUT20|So JP Morgan and Chase and JP Morgan, Citibank Wells Fargo Bank America when I think about their businesses, it's not just lending, but I think as we reopen, lending will come back.
BULL21|You have rates going up, so margins expand.
NEUT22|In addition, you have capital markets business for you know the Big Three.
NEUT23|That is enormous.
NEUT24|It's been just, you know.
BULL25|This pack wave, which is slowing now, but it's been incredible.
BULL26|We still seeing a lot of IPOs that capital markets business is really great and the asset management business is really great.
NEUT27|Plus they can now start to do buybacks.
BULL28|And on top of that, I think we will see the release of some of the reserves.
BULL29|The gigantic reserves that they took during the pandemic, so that will be a boost to earnings.
BULL30|I know that's a one time boost, but still, you know it is additional earnings.
NEUT31|So all of those things are happening at the same time and so even though these stocks have moved a lot, they still traded a discount to the market, which they always have.
NEUT32|But the discount is not.
NEUT33|It's not so narrow that they're not attractive, so I like the space a lot.
NEUT34|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT35|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
