NEUT0|"""As he seemed to be on a knife edge, what exactly happened so the Winklevoss Twins have been after three years trying to create this new ETF and ETF that would represent the price of Bitcoin."
NEUT1|But it would in a certain sense give a lot more people access to trade this thing and put a lot more money potentially into trading it.
NEUT2|But it also would have put money into their pockets so the ETF would have money to spend to buy Bitcoin.
NEUT3|So depending on the size of that offering and that changed over time, they would be able to go on the Bitcoin market, acquire Bitcoin.
NEUT4|Actual Bitcoin as a backstop to the proxy, that is traders and ETF.
BEAR5|When that big buyer who was thought to get approved, and of course the Bitcoin people believing it disappeared from the market with the press release today right after the close Bitcoin of course was trades around the Clock sold off like crazy.
BEAR6|Bitcoin is up about off about 23%.
NEUT7|It was very just crazy trading very actively trading and when it when it when it turned around I was come back.
NEUT8|Now it's only done about 8% right now as you showed in your chart.
NEUT9|Recovering from this first sales, but a big surprise I think to the Bitcoin community, let's just show the viewers what it's done in the one year basis as well though, because this is a volatile asset as we know it's down, but it's.
BULL10|It's it's still, you know, just as high as we were seeing just back in early February.
NEUT11|So how much euphoria was built into this asset about the ETF?
NEUT12|I think what it shows more as it is not so much about a fundamental belief in the value of it in terms of day-to-day trading.
NEUT13|It is very volatile because a little bit of training and move the price.
NEUT14|A lot is not a very deep market.
BEAR15|So when you blow through the couple of sellers who are there in the market and you see the price drop a lot because the next next ticks the next bids for the for the for the.
BEAR16|For sale of Bitcoin are so far below the current price because the market is so thin and there was hope that this Bitcoin ETF would actually provide some more liquidity in the marketplace to make it less volatile.
NEUT17|The SEC didn't see it that way and decided to pull out of it.
NEUT18|I think the real thing that seems to be moving Bitcoin price actually trading in China most Bitcoin trade please take place in China.
NEUT19|Maybe investors.
NEUT20|Yeah and it may be a lot of people trying to get money out of China are trying to exit out of China and using Bitcoin as a way to do it.
NEUT21|Do you think that that rampant demand from China is still continuing?
NEUT22|I mean, what's the overall support for this asset class code?
NEUT23|I mean that that's understanding the most trade you know.
NEUT24|We find out sort of later when trade start to be interested about where that is happening.
NEUT25|But again, about never seen stats as high as 90% of all Bitcoin trading is taking place in China, and that's probably got nothing to do with the winklevii we go by.
NEUT26|What was the driver in real time?
NEUT27|What was the driver behind Mother tongue?
NEUT28|I'm just.
NEUT29|The drive and this I think it was a function for these guys to try to create some more money.
NEUT30|They had they own a lot of difference in terms of trading and bring trading of that ETF really to all markets.
NEUT31|"But it would have created a regular Stock Exchange proxy for this currency in the way that there are some other proxies for other currencies and gold and so on."""
