NEUT0|"""Well, let me start with you."
NEUT1|I know you looked at hundreds of potential candidates for this pack, but she ended up going with a very similar blueprint for the last time we had John the Paysafe deal Blackstone business.
NEUT2|They roll in a lot of the same pipe investors.
NEUT3|Is there something in particular about Blackstone and and what they own that you like?
NEUT4|Well, they're just a great partner to deal with, and they have a lot of interesting assets that they've acquired over the last last several years or many years in this particular asset was acquired about four years ago by Blackstone, a different division, and then pay safe was was located in but highly scalable company, ubiquitous, a real company, real revenue, really big dog, and it's a utility, which is what I look for it.
NEUT5|Something that say there's a key ingredient in the marketplace that will.
NEUT6|That is almost just can't be disintermediated, so that was that was the whole theory on the light of really like the company a lot.
BULL7|Yeah, you know Bill, when I have Steve Schwarzman or John Gray on, they'll certainly tell me that they do a very good job managing their portfolio companies and get the margins up.
NEUT8|And so I just wonder how much is left for improvement if they're right and they're doing such a good job in terms of overseeing the companies.
BEAR9|Well, of course the private equity puts a lot of leverage on their businesses, and we're taking the leverage down on this company from about over 5 to one down to 3.1 to one.
NEUT10|So this gives the company a lot of ability to go out and make acquisitions to do a little levering up to say 3 1/2 and 3.6 to one.
BULL11|And this company is going through a transformation moving from a Bureau based business or services business to the cloud similarly to what we did with Ceridian, and it's a very successful blueprint and Steven is actually.
BULL12|Moved his way ahead of me on this one, so it's is terrifically to partner with him.
NEUT13|He's been involved in this transformation for seven or eight months so I get a leg up.
BULL14|That's a fantastic situation.
NEUT15|Yeah well, Steven, tell me a bit about that then.
BULL16|In addition, obviously the deleveraging that Bill just mentioned you'll be able to do as a result of the transaction.
NEUT17|What else are you going to be able to do now that you're a public company that perhaps you were unable to when you were well as a private company?
BULL18|Well, thanks David, and really pleasure to be with you today and.
NEUT19|Having built fully aligned with me as an investor, along with Blackstone, really takes us to the next phase of what we're what we're going after, and our mission is a simple one.
BULL20|We're very aligned on the fact that we have to help employees today really, with two of the most important things in their life, which is help them be financially secure and help them make the right healthcare decisions.
NEUT21|And you've talked a lot about this already.
BEAR22|You know on your segments where a lot of employees, half of them in fact, feel they've made a wrong decision on health benefits.
NEUT23|60% can't retire when they want to, so in the last year we've launched for the first time in the market.
NEUT24|A true enterprise employee engagement platform and it brings together the data from payroll, health, wealth and Wellness and really allows us to bring the most complete cloud based AI solution so we can go back to employers, give them the data and many of my customers today.
NEUT25|As Bill said, we serve, you know, 72 of the Fortune 100 half of the Fortune 500 already.
NEUT26|So they're spending billions David and they need help to make sure that we give them the data from clients from the employees so that they invest the proper.
BEAR27|Funds into the product and then on the employees died.
NEUT28|We take all this complexity and everybody knows 401K HSA is super complicated and by taking this engagement platform, personalizing it specifically to the employee, allows us to really help an employee make the right decisions around investing in 401K and putting the right amount of money into Hsas.
NEUT29|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT30|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
