NEUT0|"""And everybody I it's a Jaguar speaking for this Facebook stock analysis based mainly on and technical analysis based on technical analysis both we can see in front of us is an uptrend while with this blue line the shore since I've already drawn as a generally I do."
NEUT1|The blue line is the price movement without this mind.
NEUT2|Without this interpretation of my personal position, the price movement looks like that this is the price movement for the candle stick one out.
NEUT3|Gonna stick chart of Facebook stock now with my interpretation or based on simple technical analysis.
NEUT4|This is this is the price movement.
BEAR5|This is the merger trends is an uptrend.
NEUT6|This is actually the correction of the trend and this is a trend line.
NEUT7|First in line this is the collection of the trend and we are visible even to define a channel line.
NEUT8|So but anyway the major trend is uptrend so this is what we would like to know that the major 10 is an appetite in the social media is to invest in the trend direction.
NEUT9|Now the trend is been moving sideways and because there moving sideways we don't have a lot of information and we should wait before going along, because now the prices are moving inside these two.
NEUT10|These two dis resistance and is this sort this support and this resistance level.
BULL11|So now if the price will break this resistance, perhaps it can be seen as a signal of buying.
NEUT12|So we can go along only if this resistance will be broken or otherwise we can go short for short term investment.
NEUT13|Because the price will keep moving inside this channel.
NEUT14|The best actually time to buy this stock is when, if and then if the price will go down up to this time with this price of two at 120 W dollar, if the price will go down up to this support is gonna be a good time to buy and to go longer because the price moved down and then up again.
NEUT15|So in conclusion ideas to go long pattern because we would like to follow them entertained but just wait if this.
NEUT16|If this recent level will not be broken.
NEUT17|Actually, there might be a potential and opportunity to go down for a short term investment before going long for long term investment.
NEUT18|Again, this target price of one that was reached before was already reached and achieve the.
NEUT19|But the problem is that this now is gonna work is working as as support so the price moving may move may keep moving inside the channel before going up because we are right now in a sideways or endless conditioned bet.
NEUT20|The best idea?
NEUT21|Is too old and wait, what's gonna happen around this residence and support level before buying?
NEUT22|And again, the idea is that if the residents will not be broken, waited at the price, Co down up to this 2120 W dollar before going long or otherwise if the residents will be broken, just go along because it can be seen as a signal of strength on the market and ideas to go longer.
BULL23|"That's all from my side, thanks."""
