NEUT0|"""What's going on?"
NEUT1|Everybody and welcome back to five minute finance today we're gonna be going over at Disney stock.
NEUT2|What analysts are saying should you buy now and then I'll give you my opinion at the end if you're new here, be sure to subscribe to the channel for more.
NEUT3|And with that, let's jump right into it.
BEAR4|So because of the coronavirus, Disney is yet again another company that has been hit hard.
BEAR5|It all started when they closed down their theme parks in Tokyo, Shanghai and Hong Kong.
BEAR6|It wasn't long after this that things got bad here in the States and those parks also closed down aside of Matt, they have had many movies becoming delayed in all of these factors and more caused Disney to hit multi year lows in the stock market.
NEUT7|So now let's go over the arguments for and against Disney.
NEUT8|Then I'll give you my opinion.
NEUT9|First, let's start with the bearish argument.
BEAR10|Increases in the cost of popular programming, such as sports events and television series, could adversely affect margins.
NEUT11|At ESPN and ABC, the business model for the media networks depends on the continued growth of retransmission.
BEAR12|An reverse compensation fees, any slowdown in the growth of these fees, perhaps because the paid television business begins to shrink, would hurt the profitability of this segment.
NEUT13|Developing mass market hit programs can be unpredictable, especially as media fragmentation.
NEUT14|Continues now let's go over the bullish argument or the argument in favor of Disney.
BULL15|The parks and Resorts segment has rebounded strongly from the recession and the opening of Disneyland.
BULL16|Shanghai should provide additional momentum.
NEUT17|Although making movies is a hit or miss business, Disney's Large Library of content with popular franchises and characters reduces this volatility over time.
BULL18|The addition of the Star Wars franchise broadens the demographics that the company can address.
BULL19|Additionally, it Disney's strong distribution and merchandising capabilities should help to speed the monetization.
NEUT20|Of Lucasfilms acquisition.
NEUT21|So in my opinion, with everything going on with the coronavirus, it's hard to say exactly whether Disney is a buy two of their biggest money makers, Disney Parks and ESPN Sports have been essentially ground to a halt, and nobody really knows when things will be able to reopen.
BULL22|On the other hand, there a Disney Plus streaming service is expecting to see a large jump in users now that more people than ever are at home.
BEAR23|No doubt Disney will be hurt financially from a COVID-19, but it will survive.
NEUT24|As of making this video, the stock is cruising around $100 per share an I think that I would wait to buy either when it drops back down a sub $90.00 price range or for when things with COVID-19 is start to turn around.
BULL25|An confidence grows in the economy.
NEUT26|If you enjoy this video be sure to click the link on screen to check out our analysis of Boeing stock and whether that is by right now.
BULL27|"Thanks for watching and we'll see you all in the next one."""
