NEUT0|"""It's claimed this via video chart on ticker symbol AMD."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, very interesting, uh, set up here going into Friday and from a training standpoint I would just want to disclose.
NEUT5|I'm not trying to come across like this is some sort of great discovery on my part or that these low levels.
NEUT6|I'm going to talk about requires some sort of special talent.
NEUT7|Quite the opposite, I assure you.
NEUT8|People that use charts understand charts have taken notice of these levels, and they're going to be watching the same things.
NEUT9|And as I've said in past videos, I go through all that because when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self fulfilling prophecy called whatever you want, that's what can create some very dynamic movements.
NEUT10|And the first level here.
NEUT11|They like set a whole lot of people are going to be watching myself included.
NEUT12|Is this area right here at 5565?
NEUT13|If you go through the history of the day, you can see generally speaking, know within $0.10 or so.
NEUT14|The price bounced an held very, very nicely around that area all day long, and then you factor in some of the late Day movement from Wednesday and once again a whole lot of data.
NEUT15|A whole lot of history of that level acting as resistance, which brings about the more than valid the more than logical question of all, right?
BEAR16|Well, if the price goes back down there is it going to hold up.
BEAR17|Or is that going to create some more downside pressure?
NEUT18|And if the price were to break below there?
NEUT19|I mean no such thing as a guarantee, but it would not be shocking at all to see the price then potentially drift down to right around 5435 and from the short side of perspective you know that could very well be a nice little trade there.
NEUT20|And like I said, there are going to be a lot of people that are watching that level with that same exact mindset.
BEAR21|Now you're also going to have people that are thinking about maybe going long off that level, but nonetheless I would be more bearishness or I would think that there's more bearishness and the reason for that is there's been selling pressure that was.
NEUT22|Evident all day and to help visualize that selling pressure, you have that down trading chart line that's been formed.
NEUT23|Now the quickest way to kind of just wipe away everything other than been talking about is if on Friday the price just you know go sideways, then blast up through that red line.
BULL24|Well at that point that would be the signal that alright yeah, the selling pressure is Bolivia alleviated but as of right now there does seem to be some selling pressure that is shown up.
BEAR25|So a breakdown through that level.
NEUT26|You know it does not guaranteed, but it is more than rational so we'll have to see how this went close out the week on Friday, but these are the levels I'll be watching.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL30|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird.
NEUT32|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT33|But in a cruel way.
BEAR34|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT35|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT36|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT37|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT38|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT39|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT40|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT41|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT42|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT43|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
