NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, before moving onto the video we ask you to support us and subscribe to our channel please."
BULL1|Chain links price has been on the rise since the start of the week.
BEAR2|In fact, this has been the trend across the larger crypto market lately, especially on the heels of Bitcoins Bull Run.
BEAR3|Interestingly, even after having risen by over 11%, link may now be heading towards a trend reversal one, which may result in a slight correction on the charts.
NEUT4|At press time, Link was being traded at $28.10 with a registered market cap of over $11 billion, making it the 9th largest cryptocurrency in the market.
NEUT5|According to the four hour chart for link, the coin has been trading within the confines of an ascending channel since the start of the month.
BEAR6|In the short term, this may result in a minor price correction as the breakout of an ascending channel formation is often in the bearish direction.
BULL7|The coin was enjoying a strong resistance level in the dollar $27.28 range and if the price fails to go past this level, the coin may retrace towards the support at $25.70.
BULL8|Chainlinks price may soon see a price correction in the short term if the resistance remains strong, the RSI indicator had moved away from the overbought zone momentarily and at press time was retracing its steps back into the overbought zone.
BEAR9|Further, the MACD indicator witnessed a bullish crossover at the start of the week, but at press time showed that there was a slightly higher chance that it may soon register a bearish crossover as the signal line was close to going past the Ma CD line.
BEAR10|After having traded within an ascending channel formation links breakout may be slightly bearish if it fails to go past the key range of resistance highlighted on the chart.
BULL11|In such a scenario, the crypto may head towards the support at $25.70 in the coming days.
BEAR12|However, if the range is breached, the coin may continue to head upwards with link likely to flip the resistance into a strong support for the crypto currency.
NEUT13|Don't forget to subscribe to our channel and open notifications to learn more about gold dollar, Euro commodities.
NEUT14|Bitcoin altcoin crypto currencies and other investment tools.
BULL15|"Have a nice day and I wish you prosperous days."""
