NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, it's John here with the Crypto Kingdom."
NEUT1|Let's talk about the golem cryptocurrency.
NEUT2|Golem really isn't known to many people, which may be a huge benefit to those of you who know about this hidden gem.
NEUT3|Also, before we start, make sure to hit that subscribe button.
NEUT4|If you were new here to join the crypto family to start us off, let's take a moment to understand what Golem is.
NEUT5|According to coin, Gecko Golem is a decentralized supercomputer that is accessible by anyone.
NEUT6|The system is made up of the combined power of users machines from personal PC's to entire datacenters.
NEUT7|Is able to compute almost any tasks from CGI rendering through machine learning to scientific learning.
NEUT8|It utilizes an Ethereum based transaction system to clear payments between providers, requesters, and software developers.
NEUT9|However, it is safe because all computations take place in sandbox environments and are fully isolated from the host systems.
BULL10|Golem is the first truly decentralized supercomputer, creating a global market for computing power combined with flexible tools to aid developers in securely distributing and monetizing their software golem altogether.
NEUT11|Changes the way compute tasks are organized and executed by powering decentralized microservices and and some other things.
BULL12|Golem is set to become a key building block for future Internet service providers and software development and by substantially lowering the price of computations, complex applications such as CGI, rendering, scientific calculation and machine learning become more accessible to everyone.
NEUT13|So the reason why I like Golem is because it's a super computer and I just like the idea of that, you know.
BULL14|Along with the fact that the price is going way up for Golem, so that's also another good thing.
NEUT15|One thing golem always does is it always hits that like button for the YouTube algorithm.
BULL16|Thank you so much for doing that anyways.
NEUT17|Some exciting news with Golem is that Golem awhile ago announced its migration over to the ER C20.
NEUT18|According to Crypto, Slate Golem has changed from its Golem network token to an ER C compliant Ethereum standard.
NEUT19|This is partly because the former launched at a time when Irssi 20 was neither popular nor widely adopted.
NEUT20|With the token ecosystem changing massively ever since the Golem Company stated we are migrating towards an ear or C20 token, mainly because new Golems transaction framework is built on Ethereum's layer two, and this scaling method requires tokens to be ERCO 20.
BULL21|The project said in a statement, Golem has a pretty good opportunity to grant those who invest in it some pretty good returns, and with that comes taxes.
BEAR22|As you may already be aware, tax season is coming up and sometimes it can be a hassle to pay all of your cryptocurrency taxes.
NEUT23|That's where Coin Lee comes in.
NEUT24|Quickly makes paying crypto.
NEUT25|Currency taxes hassle free.
NEUT26|All you have to do is simply connect the exchanges you use and coin.
NEUT27|We will calculate your tax reports in under 20 minutes, which is extremely fast and quite impressive.
NEUT28|QUINLEY offers its tax services and over 20 plus countries and recognizes a large amount of importing options.
NEUT29|Quinley has a multitude of different plans that you can choose to go with.
NEUT30|My personal favorite is Hodler if you want your cryptocurrency taxes done headache free, you can sign up for Coin Lee using the link in the description.
BULL31|Now if we take a look at the chart for Golem, we can see that the price seems to be increasing quite rapidly.
NEUT32|Golem's all time high is at $1.32.
BULL33|Golem has seen a whopping 5510.1% increase in price ever since it was released, which is just completely phenomenal.
BULL34|I believe that at the peak of its bull run, Golem could go back up to test its all time high or get pretty close to that.
BEAR35|There may be some dips along the way, but those are to be expected.
NEUT36|So what are your thoughts on Golem?
BULL37|Do you think Golem can reach its previous all time high and do you agree with my price prediction?
NEUT38|Let us know down below in the comment section and with that said crypto family, I will see you in the next video.
NEUT39|"Goodbye."""
