NEUT0|"""It's going to be a video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Will the downwards pressure an Apple continues?
NEUT5|That is what I have documented up here in past videos.
NEUT6|I'm going to keep that line up there.
BEAR7|'cause like I said that's just in my mind, just shows the overall selling pressure that still remains.
BULL8|Of course after today that selling pressure picked up quite a bit, but from just the overarching standpoint, that's what that dotted red line up there is represented.
NEUT9|But as of now not relevant or anything, but just still wanted to touch on that base.
NEUT10|As far as what I would definitely consider the idea or excuse me the the relevant level of resistance right now, that would be right here at the 1:15 fifty mark you can see the price.
NEUT11|Did try to make a little bit of a bounce upwards here and then the new credit credit.
BULL12|So yeah, that was a valiant effort, but it totally got rejected and pushed back to the downside and that rejection point happened right there at 1:15 fifty.
BULL13|So that'll be again the near term level.
NEUT14|So if there is any sort of attempted consolidation, and then you know movements back to upside, the big question Mark definitely now remains right there at that one 1550 mark in the sense of you know.
BEAR15|Sure, OK. Sure, the prices bouncing but.
NEUT16|Is this bounce actually going to be strong enough, you know, to break up through that level, so that will be that the key near term area, and then as far as supports are concerned.
BULL17|Let's squeeze down the chart here, 'cause as of right now the price is sitting at some very historic levels of support, which to be fair, so far so good.
BULL18|It is holding strong and that key level was right there at the 114 mark.
NEUT19|When you go back to the history of the chart you can see right there acted as support, acted as support and as of right now it's doing its best to hold up there.
NEUT20|In the event the 114 mark cannot hold up any longer than the next key level of support after that.
NEUT21|Would then be down there around the one 1240 mark, so there's going to be the main technical levels to watch moving forward, but yeah, not the greatest start to the week here for Apple, but we'll see if things can try to get turned around or not.
NEUT22|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT23|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT24|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including.
BULL25|How I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT26|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT27|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR28|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT29|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT30|And yeah, the third key when you hear it.
NEUT31|Sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT33|That is again totally live.
NEUT34|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions.
NEUT37|"Let me know if not I'll be seeing you soon."""
