BEAR0|"""This is a complete blowout."
NEUT1|I mean even best case this is beyond in terms of the iPhone number.
BULL2|The China growth, which is key to the stock moving phone number 60 or 70 million iPhones in the window of Upper great opportunity for China.
NEUT3|And then you look at the margin profile.
NEUT4|You put this all together.
NEUT5|This is a stock.
NEUT6|I think.
NEUT7|Next step is 425 four fifty.
NEUT8|We work out in next three to six months into an iPhone 12 product cycle.
NEUT9|You know just this is a test one like number and now phase two comes for Apple in terms of iPhone.
NEUT10|12 how about the four for one stock split Mike Santoli sort of old school, a little bit old school.
NEUT11|Now remember Apple did a 7 for one several years ago, which many people thought it was because they wanted to kind of wipe away the memory of the all time peak before that, when Steve Jobs was still there.
NEUT12|I do think 1 bit of context is interesting about Apple's decision to do this at a time when Amazon and Alphabet are happy to have 4 digit share prices and apples in the Dow, Dow is a price weighted index.
NEUT13|Apples about $100 more expensive than next highest price stock in the Dow.
NEUT14|I don't know if that has anything to do with why they would want to necessarily knock it out of whack with the other 29 stocks in the Dow, or it could be the fact that all these brokers offering fractional shares of ownership in any stock meant that they felt like they might as well just do it themselves as opposed to have, you know, people going to Fidelity brokerage and buying a sliver of a share of Apple.
NEUT15|Alright, at least just want to know John Ford.
NEUT16|Sorry, we're going to John Portnow, who's got a little more color John into these Apple numbers, which do appear appear pretty strong.
NEUT17|What stands out to you?
NEUT18|They're extraordinarily strong, Sarah and I would say for this reason, first of all, iPhone grew not a lot of people saw that coming, though I did kind of hint that that might happen.
BULL19|Something like the iPhone number being stronger based on the read through from Qualcomm, but particularly on Mac and iPad guys, this is like a holiday season number.
NEUT20|This is a Q4A calendar Q4 number that Apple is turning in right now, so it'll be interesting to hear what Tim Cook has to say about that and how much of that is a pull forward of demand based on people needing devices at home to work from home to school from home versus how much of that is just a rethinking of how many devices people need in the home.
NEUT21|You know, Josh and I were talking about this earlier in the past, schools had been on a model of fractional usage, had computer labs, or at least iPad carts.
NEUT22|Where each device was getting used by multiple kids in this area, you're going to have less and less of that.
BEAR23|You're gonna have fewer kids in school.
BULL24|Those kids are going to need a device either sent to them from the school to use on their own, or they're going to go out and get their own, and so that's a potential lift.
BEAR25|Will not just the potential left, it's an actual literacy in these numbers for companies like Apple.
NEUT26|"Yeah, big."""
