BEAR0|"""Pandemic of 2020 has dramatically changed the commodity risk environment going into 2021."
NEUT1|We want to review the critical risks we are monitoring for gold, copper, soybeans, an oil.
NEUT2|Gold Gold is an inflation sensitive metal.
NEUT3|The key debate in the gold market is whether we will see any signs of potential inflation pressures in 2021.
NEUT4|One scenario focuses on a massive fiscal stimulus programs funded in part by central banks, and this scenario sees inflation pressure on the horizon.
NEUT5|Once the economy improves.
BEAR6|The alternative view is the jobs recovery has stalled and we're in for a long period of elevated unemployment.
NEUT7|This argues against any inflation pressures developing anytime soon.
NEUT8|Copper copper is sensitive to world growth and especially the Chinese economy.
BULL9|China was the first country to be hit by the pandemic and the first to make solid progress on containing the virus.
BULL10|China has also poured billions of dollars through new loans in a state owned enterprises to create domestic demand and jobs.
BULL11|This infrastructure spending seems to be working and as a concequence copper demand has soared.
NEUT12|Soybeans soybeans are both China sensitive.
BEAR13|An weather, influenced as noted, the Chinese domestic economy is coming back quickly and this has been associated with a sharply rising appetite for soybean imports from the US.
NEUT14|An from Latin America.
BEAR15|Another factor, though, is whether the strong La Nina that has developed in the Pacific Ocean has the potential to cause drought conditions in Brazil and Argentina during the next crop season.
NEUT16|We're monitoring that development quite carefully.
NEUT17|Oil.
BEAR18|The crude oil market has achieved an uneasy balance between shale production declines in the US and disciplined supply from Saudi Arabia and Russia.
NEUT19|The big item to monitor in 2021 though is air travel.
NEUT20|Since jet fuel is a small yet very important part of oil demand, international air travel has not restarted in any meaningful way and it probably will not until a vaccine for the virus is available.
BULL21|Domestic air travel has recovered nicely in China, but nowhere else.
NEUT22|The work from home culture has meant that companies will not be sponsoring business travel to the same degree as they did in the past, even after the economic recovery has been secured.
NEUT23|All in all, the risk for 2021 paint a picture of commodity market volatility.
NEUT24|"I'm Blue Putnam chief economist, CME Group."""
