BEAR0|"""Georgia Happening Metro Sanjeeva since upset."
NEUT1|But since AB nashkar swagga tabke.
BEAR2|Logitech chatted in Lyle Nishan Nifty part, but I hate Karen ET Orchestre Kasapis Gravett connecting.
NEUT3|Good morning calendar.
NEUT4|Need to they give panic is more to do with the rising yields logo coffee Osama bin?
NEUT5|Yeah yeah, but just because it's a consensus trade or foreign inflows it needs other.
BULL6|Take it now there is you know you're seeing some ETF outflows, is there but your time and I've used are going up.
BULL7|Banks will be in the best place they've ever been, because lending will go up.
NEUT8|So does our dollar strength or weakness here.
BULL9|But I think today or tomorrow you have made a bottom, maybe today only and I'm very, very optimistic that next week onwards.
NEUT10|April 1st Week will be extremely good for the market so I can I can understand my Cup with no charge in South Carolina car leaking that is being a contrarian because value to be our community about fear mongering.
NEUT11|I cleared mirror those dope pics or a cop shun strategy had no medical doctor Echo snowboard Federigo it's more on banks to upgrade to my sugar.
NEUT12|Yeah but since I'm a big bathtub cool money Peggy K Absolute dip headed what a robot eBay train strategy or a bizarre Capella.
NEUT13|And Laconia, Chadam, or a cheshme cabebe Catania to stock markets, may to Yahoo Aboogie, Robert Dichiara, chadam decking, yeah, badbury at Asdk Guy Orbot Gram damn decking is, Dennis are active but I ever since app concept those stock picks are oreg.
NEUT14|Body option strategy will collab net will cool giant for my account.
NEUT15|How are Mahal?
NEUT16|Don't know you got any milega topalli water bank.
BEAR17|Nifty is oversold by every mile.
BULL18|Although banks might pull back, I got media after, but Johnny Carson comedy Adorar Point clearly decree a bank nifty guy to mega rounds added onto so key.
NEUT19|So I thought this is our key put call Ejay.
NEUT20|Those projectors had also be chassis is miss or make a stop loss here licking his may have called mirrors.
NEUT21|Hardship on server will send me your money can double from here so by the bank NIFTY 34500 call.
BULL22|You will make a lot of money keeper, stop loss of maybe ₹100 below because of the volatility.
NEUT23|But you should not sell below 5 about 5.
BULL24|Before ₹500 time will be the decay, but I expect Bank Nifty to rally very very sharply from here.
BULL25|Secondly though, because your hair was made the Gorge banker job captain underperform Carabott Miracle after outperforming RBL Bank.
NEUT26|Those solar cetera Malaysia keep a stop loss of 210 but this is headed to 2:45 to 252nd pick would be McDowell 525 to 527 million 515 plus or plus I 565 Qatar Git.
NEUT27|So by the time that I score, analyze Cartagena apnet, Dolong calls, the headache private sector bank.
NEUT28|RBL or nifty parap knee equal option carriker, IDH Otis, part so Dex Adren screen pariah chortis Pachuca call Bank Nastika Whopper sorbic any check stop loss lagana Hai Yani Kapu Somnophilia Pricer duty, runway or luxury parts repair A or McDowell Friday as Acuna Hook United Spirits Kobato United Breweries everybody gotta United Spirits Vapco Bartholic Haga Tobias Insomnium it Karthikeya Joe.
NEUT29|Get a bottle.
NEUT30|"Yeah, Coach activity, King Ugly, Hefty or what is Suriname?"""
