NEUT0|"""Hi, since we all know that volatility is considered as a measure of risk and standard division is the proxy for volatility that is being used in the financial world, I thought we should go ahead and try and calculate the standard deviation of a particular stock or the stocks prices."
NEUT1|Now remember that standard deviation cannot be calculated on the stocks price, but actually on the stock returns because the returns are which are considered to be normally distributed.
NEUT2|So to calculate the standard deviation we have taken as a as an example, LNT as a stock whose last one years daily closing prices are displayed.
NEUT3|Here we will now calculate the daily return for LNT.
NEUT4|Which will be calculated using the formula called today minus yesterday's price divided by yesterday's price.
NEUT5|We then calculate this across the days data available for us for the last one year.
NEUT6|Now what we do here is we find that we have to calculate the standard deviation of this daily returns of data and we can do that using a formula called STD email.
NEUT7|Select the entire data.
NEUT8|There's a formula as 3D EV.
NEUT9|Select the data and calculate the standard deviation of a set of data which is given to you.
NEUT10|Remember, however, that this standard deviation that we have calculated is actually daily.
NEUT11|It's not an annual standard deviation or analyze standard deviation, which is what our eventual aim is to calculate.
NEUT12|To calculate that will first have to convert this number into a variance number, which is nothing but the square of standard deviation.
NEUT13|So we calculate the square of standard deviation, will multiply this number by itself to give us the variance.
NEUT14|Again, the variance is a daily variance.
NEUT15|It's not an annualized variance to convert it to an annualized number will have to first calculate the number of trading days in the year.
NEUT16|Usually there are about two 5252 trading days in here.
NEUT17|For simplicity, we'll keep it at 2:50 trading days, taking out roughly about 104 Saturdays and Sundays of the year.
NEUT18|Some other Holidays with annualized variance would be nothing but the daily variance were calculated multiplied by the number of days.
NEUT19|Once you've calculated this number as well as standard deviation is nothing but square root of the and realized variance.
NEUT20|So we have to find out the square root, which can be found out using the function called SQRT of this data point, which is the annualized variance and this will give us the actual standard deviation on an annualized basis for the stock of Valenti defined that annualized standard deviation for the stock ability is 35%.
NEUT21|This number can now be used as a proxy for volatility of this stock across various calculations in finance.
BULL22|"Thank you."""
