BULL0|"""Good morning folks."
NEUT1|This is my Master Chief market analyst at a rate and happy Friday to you folks, and more importantly, welcome to our channel in which we discussed several different opportunities on a daily basis covering equities, commodities, crypto's in today's market.
NEUT2|When I look at the European stock Indices for the major move is very much dominant to the downside because if you look at the DAX index over this particular week we have.
BEAR3|Not seeing much of a reaction because the on on on the weekly time basis, the DAX index is very much on track to post a weekly loss.
NEUT4|Although we are still very much trading to the old time too as the all time high.
NEUT5|Similarly if I look at the S&P 500 index and then switch it to the weekly time frame, we are also trading to us the all time high.
NEUT6|But in terms of forming in new massive.
NEUT7|Hi Oralia or any part in massive price action, we don't.
BEAR8|Yes we have seen another all time high for the S&P 500 index, but the price reaction shows that this particular week the market has been immensely with that.
NEUT9|There hasn't been any major moves in the market.
BEAR10|The market has consolidated quite a lot and that indicates to me that perhaps traders and investors are just not completely sure which way the markets are really going to go.
NEUT11|And perhaps everyone is waiting for some sort of a catalyst for the stock market to really see some serious retracement.
NEUT12|When will we see the retracement?
NEUT13|Clearly we don't know, but one particular element that we need to keep in mind is that about the new variant that we're seeing or popping over in the United States from South Africa because yesterday California also confirmed about new cases from this South Africa's variant on here now.
BEAR14|Four states over in the United States have this variant, and if the situation continues to deteriorate and we do know that the current pricing is not effective, we could really see the situation getting out of control over in the United States.
NEUT15|Now, when it comes to BTC yesterday of obviously a in the evening when we treated about Bitcoin charts that are moving to the upside, yes, we did.
NEUT16|The price did happen.
NEUT17|It did move to the upside really did.
BEAR18|I have another all time high in terms of Bitcoin, but we're still very much lacking that upward momentum when it comes to Bitcoin price, and the price is still hesitating to reach that critical level of 50,000.
BEAR19|But when it comes to Brent oil price, that particular opportunity has worked really well, because for the last three days we have posted losses.
NEUT20|However, the move momentum to the upside is still not really that strong.
BEAR21|And in order for that momentum to become strong, we really need the prices to break below the $60.00 price level.
NEUT22|And the moment that we break below a critical area which is, let's say, 60 that the psychological support of 60, then we would be really looking at the next important support area which is right in around $57 and which is also in line with our target levels that we have mentioned.
NEUT23|Previous videos, that's all pretty much in terms of the market and I'll see you guys next time.
BULL24|"Thank you."""
