NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR4|Well, quite the craziness with Apple.
NEUT5|All the headlines all the you know, the virtual events and announcements and everything.
NEUT6|But then they would.
NEUT7|I love about charges they allowed to just kind of cut through all that and just, you know, remain focused on the levels that matter and the level that really is going to matter going forward and this will be a little bit more of those you that have watched past videos.
NEUT8|But if you have, you know that I talked about a dollar or not a dollar 122 over and over again as a level of support.
NEUT9|But now that the price ultimately broke down below that level right there, that is where the update needs to come into play in this update is just based on a foundational role in charting which states when areas of support.
NEUT10|Open and closed below.
NEUT11|They tend to act as resistance, so because at 122 Mark was the you know was.
NEUT12|Broken according to rule, you expect to see it act as resistance and you get this right into a textbook that is exactly what happened.
NEUT13|It was broken right there?
NEUT14|Price came down, bounce back upwards and look right where the price got rejected right at 1:22.
NEUT15|So I'm not saying that the price could never get above 122.
NEUT16|All I'm saying is that moving forward, if there is going to be any sort of chance at all for the price to get up in the 1:24 and 1:25, it all begins and ends.
BULL17|Now with that 122 mark, so can the price get back up above that level again.
NEUT18|That's going to be the main area of resistance from the near term perspective as far as levels of support a concern.
NEUT19|The level that a lot of people are going to be watching right down here.
NEUT20|Basically, this double bottom point around one 1975, so while nothing is guaranteed in the market, all I'm saying here with this is that it's more than valid to more than rational thought that if the price comes down in the one 1975 and then she breaks down through it, that break could very well create quite a bit of downside selling pressure.
NEUT21|Again, not guaranteed, but something to keep an eye on moving forward.
NEUT22|So those are definitely the two main technical levels to watch heading into Wednesday here, so let's see how this one continues to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT24|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT29|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT33|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT35|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT36|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT37|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT39|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
