NEUT0|"""Welcome back to another video today we're gonna be doing some technical analysis for the cryptocurrency enj, which is enjin coin against tether US based on finance prices, so all of these trend lines are like support and resistance levels have been drawn out from prior technical analysis videos, so go back through and check them out."
NEUT1|All I did was stretch them out further 'cause I mean really.
BULL2|The plan remains the same on this one once it broke above that like $2.33 level on the daily chart and closed above it.
NEUT3|Right around here, it's now been using this level like anywhere from 2:33 to 2:35 as a pretty strong support like you got tested here.
BULL4|Almost got tested here, got tested again here and it's just been holding strong above that.
BEAR5|It's starting to get pretty tight as far as the range on these candles go, so I'd be expecting a pretty decent sized move to either the upside or downside at some point soon, because this is a chart that's really tightening up.
NEUT6|So a couple of things to watch for.
NEUT7|Again, is this like two 7267 to 270 cent level like $2.70?
NEUT8|Because it tested it here.
NEUT9|Tested again here.
NEUT10|Tested it again here and it's really having trouble breaking through this resistance on the daily chart and closing above it, which is something that obviously we've been talking about, that it might just be ranging between these levels, so a couple of things I'd be watching for now is this one to break to.
BULL11|The upside is going to probably need more volume if it wants to have a legitimately strong breakout.
BULL12|I mean, every little pop at least had better size volume than any of these green and red candles back here.
NEUT13|I mean the volume you'd want to see on a breakout is similar to back in like early March, so I think if that volume starts to come in and this one starts to break over 270, I'd be pretty surprised if this one doesn't break above 3 and then ultimately start running even beyond that, but.
BEAR14|If the volume starts to come into the downside and this one loses at 233 level again, I mean it could potentially test the high ones to load $2.00 range again.
NEUT15|So at this point all I would be watching for it 'cause it's really not a whole lot more to talk about would just be to watch.
NEUT16|Kind of like which direction?
BULL17|Engine breaks out like as far as to the upside or downside is it's in a pretty strong channel.
NEUT18|The candles are getting very tight, so I mean at this point it's just a waiting game.
NEUT19|So for me, like my personal plan, if I was to trade this one was would probably be to have some skin in the game and then either add into a break if the volume is there, maybe even like the re test to see if there's dip strength before the real run, or to cut my losses quickly if it starts to break down.
NEUT20|That would just be like my personal strategy.
NEUT21|I mean, you could even argue like.
NEUT22|That like $2.45 would be another level of support if you wanted to have a super tight stop, those would just be kind of like some of the levels I'd be watching on the daily chart, so not a whole lot to talk about.
NEUT23|I don't want to waste anymore of your guys time 'cause it's really not that complicated when looking at this chart, but if this video provide any value to go ahead and like, comment, subscribe and share.
NEUT24|So as always, I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT25|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT26|None of the levels I was talking about to be taking his advice.
NEUT27|It's all just my opinion.
NEUT28|So if you're going to do any investing, go speak to a certified financial advisor.
BULL29|"Alright, thank you for watching."""
