NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol, AMZN Amazon."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|If not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Ben doing this analysis on a routine basis so that is where the red and green limitations are coming from, and a rough day today as the bottom part of this pattern here has been broken, which brings about our first update here, and this update is just based on a foundation of rule in charge in which states when levels of support are broken and closed below, they tend to act as resistance.
NEUT5|So going into the day that 3150 Mark was considered the area of support.
NEUT6|But when the price broke down below it this afternoon, at that point you'd expect it to act as resistance and actually it played out perfectly.
NEUT7|You could throw this right into a textbook you can see during the last 30 minutes there was an attempted bounce.
NEUT8|And the highest bond, Scott was right up there around 3150.
BULL9|So yeah, not shocking at all to see that level now being relatively stubborn.
NEUT10|Now don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that the price can never ever get back above 3150.
NEUT11|I'm just saying it makes sense why that price did struggle with that area.
NEUT12|So point here, being that in the very near term Now, 3150 is going to be the first key level resistance that needs to be broken.
NEUT13|And then after that, yeah you can put more focus back up there around the 3190 Mark, but as of right now before he even focus on 3190.
BULL14|Like said, the price first needs to prove itself in the near term by getting up above.
NEUT15|About 3150 mark.
NEUT16|So keep a close eye on that and that will be you know the two key levels of resistance to watch moving into Wednesday.
NEUT17|Now what about areas of support?
NEUT18|Well, as far as supports are concerned, next key level to watch closely going to be down here at see what is that?
NEUT19|The 3115 Mark and then just from a more so a bigger picture POV.
NEUT20|Continue to watch that Purple line right there.
NEUT21|It's in my charger nodes there very well known.
NEUT22|The very famous 50.
NEUT23|Moving average current value of that is that 3104.
NEUT24|But I say current because that is a moving average, meaning that line is going to move and change.
NEUT25|Therefore, that value right there is going to move and change, so you'll have to be a little bit more proactive to keep an eye on.
NEUT26|You know what the current value of that area is, but as of now there is going to be the main technical levels to watch moving into Wednesday, so let's see how this one continues to play out.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT28|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL30|To being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR33|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT36|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT37|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT38|That is again, totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT41|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
