BULL0|"""Hello viewers, this is the actual Gola from newsbtc.com, presenting your daily dose of Bitcoin intraday analysis yesterday as we feared the Bitcoin USD perform the bearish flag we were they able to squeeze a decent profit from a short towards 6500 PR as we had predicted."
BEAR1|But in the process we also established a double bottom near 6436 P at the price since have showed signs of recovering, but it could be another bearish Pennant formation, so we should be ready for further bearish action, at least to the point when Bitcoin test Feb 2018's Low at 6000 feet at once again.
BEAR2|Technically, the Bitcoin market is heavily bearish on the one at Bitfinex chart.
BEAR3|Right now, the current price position, as you can see it's way below its 100 and 200 moving averages, while the RSI and stocks they are just attempting to recover after drowning in the oversold region for too long.
BEAR4|Further, the upside right now is capped by this trend line we have drawn.
NEUT5|As you can see the levels are being respected right now, which also happens to be the resistance as of now.
NEUT6|So OK, let's speak about the intraday strategy in the middle of this blood bath.
NEUT7|I have drawn this Fibonacci retracement ranging from intraday high at 6899 P at two in for a low at 6436 P at.
NEUT8|We are currently in the last leg of this wave and right now we're in this range defined by 6613 at interim resistance and 6436 as interim support.
NEUT9|To begin with, we are first looking for a breakout and that is why we are putting a breakout strategy in perspective, which means that.
NEUT10|First we will be looking to break above 6613 fee at in order to validate the next upside cap.
NEUT11|It's at 6667 PR.
BULL12|That's our primary upside target and if you play this position, a stop loss near 6600 will minimize our losses.
NEUT13|In case this consolidation turns out to be a bearish Pennant continuation, I mean of course there is a consolidation pattern here like in the previous times and we're looking at the way prices forming these bearish flags.
NEUT14|Constantly so we won't be surprised at this level is also broken to the downside.
NEUT15|By the way, in case of a pullback from resistance as we are anticipating, we will switch to our entire range strategy, which means that entering a short towards support from resistance and along towards resistance on a bounce back from support.
BULL16|This is a pretty wide range, so a good opportunity to make decent profit from the consolidation pattern indeed.
BEAR17|Anyway, if the downside, the momentum manages to break below the support line.
BULL18|Here we are expecting a freefall.
NEUT19|Let's be Frank about it.
NEUT20|I mean, look at the size of these red candles and we just want to sit back and watch the prize.
BULL21|Expecting it would be re test the 6000 level and bounce back for good.
NEUT22|And if it doesn't, I think nobody can stop it from testing 5000 feet in the next be restaurant.
NEUT23|So that's it for today fellows.
NEUT24|Thank you for watching news, BBC if you like this video.
NEUT25|Then please subscribe to our channel.
NEUT26|Also follow us on social media to stay updated with our news reportings from Bitcoin Blockchain and ICO markets.
NEUT27|"The links are mentioned in the description box below and like always have a great intraday."""
