BULL0|"""Hi friends, welcome to Deer facts."
NEUT1|Randomly Rivello okeson not in a bunker and thoroughly ippudo nearly triple choose tonight.
NEUT2|Come on, Gadigal coach Erica tonight.
NEUT3|Yahoo Davila, Cucina Deli, Peru.
NEUT4|I take elante particular bangaram konacha contain future llama Bangara McConnell a abron, Alcona, pallida, ancester Manabu, paddle and counting the Munchy Robert discussed and choose a model.
NEUT5|Johnny subscription Capote, in the original owner subscribe Button depressed, changing, well iconic changing, got a degree over Alcovy River.
NEUT6|This at a mirror therapy guy.
NEUT7|He put up our city Portica changing the investor yoga, crude oil Pinterest Soup is the narrow dental Bangor and thorough deal apart and I view Carajillo Saginaw wonder only render Opal ever could delegate and I Marvel Prapancham Lo kill Covina or current Sillitoe Markham Low Dollar Indexible Apart and Adam Gold by negative impact.
NEUT8|He was the one kid, did some low Auburn Ala demanded the guy Bangaram Demander guaranteeing appearing in the Eagles other Pilona Pitruzzello Mottram Bunker and Ibotta coupon Lonaconing Deco asked to chip in Charro Connie Pratham Bangaram Dara Padilla, Roopal Parindey Marie Elantra, Purdue Bangaram containment Dana on a prisoner.
NEUT9|Charla Monday.
BEAR10|Local attendee at a bangaram got a divorce.
NEUT11|Karate patina ega.
NEUT12|And indeed make it over to the police.
NEUT13|They either munchy returns each other job calling in the contact gothier of the Sensex apparel horse Atom, fix it deposit Lou are set and Robin and enjoy more of a poo.
NEUT14|Bangalore WPT, a garish younger years South America robbery, was today I say Bangaram contained Daryl Omar interrogate chance under them to Charla Benefit.
NEUT15|Punch any bullion market new project the narrow patriotic Bangaram Gani Aberon Allegany condoms Erica done tomorrow we turn into contests hour and gold bonds, condom better option and ship tomorrow.
NEUT16|In the contest, sovereign gold bonds contain petrolatum with Stampy.
NEUT17|Later, in 2.5 Southern birthday was today and the cake gold can contain gold, bonds, condiments around antinoro he portrait with the guy cavity coalpit, their long term romantic benefits on tiny chip tomorrow.
BULL18|Thank you friends.
NEUT19|He will make much not like they like trendy, shared, Sandy Laden.
NEUT20|"Take common changing channels, subscribed, shared among them much burgundy."""
