BEAR0|"""Hello and welcome back to the notes and it's been another fairly difficult day for world markets, and that's largely because of what you see here."
BEAR1|A further leg down for WTI crude and also for Brent crude?
BEAR2|Now that's perhaps rather surprising given that we've got very heightened geopolitical concerns at the moments when North Korea says it's let off a hydrogen bomb when relations between Saudi Arabia and Iran to huge oil producers have deteriorated, that's usually the kind of geopolitical tension which pushes up oil.
BULL3|It certainly did push up gold, but.
BEAR4|The inventories here in the US are large enough and causing enough concern that that that you still saw a further full in the oil price.
NEUT5|Now that had an effect on the stock market, as we can show you in the next chart here.
BEAR6|The S&P 500 itself dropped to its lowest level in some three months.
BEAR7|Today, it's as you can see, back down over the last 12 months.
BEAR8|Meanwhile, energy at one point, the energy sector actually hit a fresh low for this.
BEAR9|Cycle at one point it actually dropped below its lowest point from last August.
BEAR10|That is obviously because of the renewed fall in the oil price.
BEAR11|There have been a series of points over the last 18 months as the old prices fallen where stock stock prices have held firm for awhile that the stock investors have implicitly assumed that the oil price is going to rebound.
NEUT12|We are in the middle of another period of re grasping of reality when it comes to the valuation of energy stocks now away from the US stock market and away from energy.
BEAR13|You saw a further devaluation in China, which obviously caused concern around the rest of the world.
NEUT14|It implies the possibility of further exporting of deflation and one other important events was the publication of the Minutes to the meeting.
NEUT15|the Fed held last month at which they decided to raise rates.
NEUT16|Perhaps the most important point I draw from that so is that the decision to raise rates turns out to have been a somewhat closer call than people had thought, and so you saw the.
BULL17|Odds on when the next rate rise will come through cuts back a little in the afternoon.
BULL18|Now doesn't appear to be regarded as a likelihood by the market, at least until June, but that might be maybe a positive point for the market.
BEAR19|"But the overwhelming sentiment at the moment is that oil is down and that is dragging the stock market with it."""
