NEUT0|"""Hello subscription nights, it's me again just with a ponytail and glasses."
NEUT1|This time it's Thursday, December 13th.
NEUT2|I'm Abby Sullivan and this is subscription 60.
NEUT3|The space where we give you the rundown of what's happening in the subscription world today, plus the recurring revenue resources you need, but you just don't have time to dig up yourself.
NEUT4|All of it in one minute or less, so let's break it down.
BEAR5|In headlines, Apple News has plans to become the Netflix for magazines with a subscription news service launching as early as spring 2019, but is apparently receiving chilly reception as publications naturally fear losing subscribers to the service.
BEAR6|Forbes reports that Japan will soon become a total SASSA nation, due largely in part to the declining population by 2030.
BEAR7|The country is expected to lose another 2.3 million people from its workforce, driving the demand for automation.
NEUT8|And in resources, Appcues teaches us that not all churn is bad.
NEUT9|Focusing on what we can learn from churn, like weirding out poorly fit customers and analyzing the churn we see from unsustainable growth, hacker noon posts a founder interview with Rob Walling of Micro Conf drip and Tiny Seed where he talks motivation, goals and questioning the Unicorn mindset over on medium we find a post for prelaunch Sass startups out there and how to prioritize your customer and create loyal early users.
NEUT10|The first tip invest in building a customer success team.
NEUT11|Now, doesn't that sound familiar?
NEUT12|Peep yesterday's sub 60.
NEUT13|Mention a fresh desk.
NEUT14|I'm sensing a theme here to get access to extended info on the headlines in resources you hear about unsub 60.
NEUT15|Comment below and we will get you subscribed delivering daily to your inbox accompanied by a secret link of the day.
NEUT16|Offers exclusive to our Sub 60 crew and more.
NEUT17|You'll just have to sign up to see what more means and in extra time we are digging deep for products that enhance.
BULL18|Today we're all about design, agreeing with product Hunt.
NEUT19|That working on the web in any capacity requires understanding of good design and to make this easier, sidebar is delivering the five best design links of the day straight to your inbox.
BULL20|We love a good round up and we're signing up at Sidebar Dot IO and that is a wrap for today's 60.
NEUT21|Thank you so much for taking a listen, Ann.
NEUT22|Remember we want to hear from you if you want to be included in the 60 DM US or Share your story using the hashtag subscription 60 and we will see what we can do.
NEUT23|I will catch you back here tomorrow from profit, well recur.
NEUT24|"I'm Abby and I'm out."""
