BEAR0|"""Did Nigeria stock market is back in the negative territory as investors are cautiously buying in this area they refer to as an era of anger of growing uncertainties at the close of trading today, the market recorded a total loss of 0.57% to close at 39.267 basis points."
BEAR1|Similarly, market capitalization right here also lose over 119 billion error.
NEUT2|So close today at 20.544 trillionaire moving on now to our losers list.
BEAR3|The market performance was affected by strong losses in the financial services sector as regularly as an prestige.
NEUT4|Tops are losers list today moving on the other losers that we have on our list today that Communications an ETA with their equities equally feel the best way.
BEAR5|New Day of losses recording a combined 27 cobalt loss.
NEUT6|On the flip side.
BULL7|However, those are gainers.
NEUT8|List livestock.
BULL9|I'm called view top that again, at least with a combined increase of 19 cobalt rather other gainers today on the floor of the stock market, is NPF microfinance an honest?
NEUT10|The completed our list of top four gainers are market somewhere we can see that a total volume right here?
NEUT11|Market summary.
NEUT12|A total volume of 336 million shares was 3 billion.
NEUT13|Air exchange ends in 4000.
BEAR14|Three on the run, 94 dies, however, on the global market today the Footsie, Danika and the Dow Jones, the Footsie London stocks, is in the positive territory as worries over the implication of a US edge phones blowup began to dissipate on global markets theatricals hedge fund in the US course in the US, rather was forced to sell a raft of stocks after being caught out with too much debt after the shares fell last week.
BEAR15|This actually affected the foot, say yesterday that it actually ended.
BEAR16|In the Reds in previous session, the Dow Jones, however, it traded lower today, just like the previous session.
BEAR17|As Treasury yields jump to NYU I today, it's recording is 0.43% decline, but Japan stocks Nikkei extended its winning streak so fast sessions today, despite being pushed down by selling of stocks that went ex dividend, it recorded a 0.16% gain.
NEUT18|"That's all on stock market review."""
