NEUT0|"""Should we save the Senate filibuster and what's at stake if we don't?"
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead.
BULL2|Will you get the insights you need to help navigate these turbulent times?
NEUT3|Rarely, if ever, in American history have we had a situation where one political party controlling both houses of Congress and the Presidency by the narrowest of margins is attempting a fundamental remake of the country without thoroughgoing discussion and debate.
NEUT4|This is why Senate Democrats want to get rid of the filibuster, which has been around in various forms since the beginning of the Republic.
NEUT5|Properly employed, it ensures a consensus is achieved before major change are enacted.
NEUT6|The filibuster means a proposal must get 60 Senate votes to pass rather than 51 by abolishing the filibuster Democrats figure they can steamroll through Congress a sweeping radical agenda.
NEUT7|This is the backdrop for the multi trillion dollar infrastructure packages.
NEUT8|The Biden administration will be unveiling as early as next week.
NEUT9|The word infrastructure doesn't begin to describe what Democrats have in mind here.
NEUT10|The spending you would expect for repairing or building roads, bridges, and transit systems will be vastly overshadowed by an expensive smorgasbord of items such as hundreds of billions of dollars for energy alternatives as well as colossal outlays for free Community College Universal Free Pre kindergarten, free childcare and much more.
NEUT11|Furthermore, as part of the Crusade against the automobile and gasoline.
NEUT12|Highways may get shortchanged as the new transportation Secretary is declared, and I quote they should be put on a dyett.
BULL13|End of quote will also be the promised bundle of tremendous tax increases.
NEUT14|But what's being introduced next week is only part of the extraordinary far reaching agenda Democrats hope to achieve by gutting the filibuster.
NEUT15|Other goals include rushing through statehood for the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, and acting controls to undermine or destroy independent advocacy organizations.
NEUT16|Whose views Democrats dislike granting voting rights to people who entered this country illegally.
NEUT17|Their children to accompany them, the so-called dreamers are different matter.
NEUT18|Forgiving student debt with no reform of the policies that generated Sky.
BULL19|High tuitions in the 1st place establishing a high minimum wage.
NEUT20|A job killer because it takes no account of different costs in different parts of the country.
NEUT21|And acting a build up HR one among its numerous pieces, it would mandate automatic registration of everyone on various government databases without first determining whether they're here legally or not.
NEUT22|An outlaw voter identification, which several states currently require passing legislation that would get rid of laws in 27 states that protect workers from being forced to join a union to get certain jobs.
NEUT23|All of these enormous changes deserve deliberation, not a frantic rush to passage.
NEUT24|I'm Steve Forbes.
BULL25|Thanks for listening.
BULL26|"Do send in your comments and suggestions and I look forward to being with you soon again."""
