BULL0|"""Hi, welcome to NBA."
NEUT1|Now I'm Rob van wrap Horst with us today is Jamie would will our Vice president of commercial real estate research here to talk about 2017 originations and beyond.
BULL2|Jamie thanks for being here.
BULL3|Thank you Rob.
NEUT4|So why don't you give everybody sort of a snapshot about what we're seeing with our originations for 2017?
BULL5|Sure, so at our craft convention in February we came out with our latest update to our craft forecast and what we saw in that was that our estimate for 2016 originations came in right around 502 billion compared to about 500.
NEUT6|4 billion for 2015.
NEUT7|508 billion.
BULL8|The record in 2007.
BULL9|So looking ahead, we're expecting originations to remain strong on the total commercial multifamily side for mortgage bankers were expecting about 515 billion in 2017 and then that rising by about 2% for 2018.
BULL10|When we look just at the multifamily side were expecting we've actually seen total multifamily lending break records for the last four straight years.
BULL11|We're expecting that trend to continue with with very strong, very strong originations again.
NEUT12|Then in 2017, so what's driving really the strength of the market right now?
BULL13|Sure, when you look at the commercial real estate finance, both on the supply side and the demand side, we've got strong drivers on the demand side.
BULL14|Last year we saw banks, the GCS and life insurance companies all at or near record levels of originations.
BEAR15|The one laggard was the MBS market, which started the year off slowly but then picked up as the year went on.
NEUT16|When we look at 2017 we see all of those capital sources having the potential to.
NEUT17|Meet or beat last year's volumes, so that's strong on the supply of capital on the demand side, we see demand for mortgages really being driven by transaction volumes in transaction volumes really being driven by property prices.
BULL18|Property prices remain strong, as do fundamentals.
BULL19|We think all of that could continue to support the strong levels of transactions and originations that we've seen the last couple of years.
NEUT20|OK, so Lastly, let me just ask what does this mean for our Members business?
NEUT21|Sure, there are a lot of wild cards out there in the market right now.
NEUT22|If you look at interest rates.
NEUT23|If you look at tax reform proposals, if you look at international capital flows, if you look at animal spirits, all of those could have the potential to effect this years volumes going forward.
NEUT24|OK, alot to unwrap clearly and I'm sure a lot of head so if you can come back later in the year and sort of explain it would be really great.
BULL25|Sounds great Rob OK thanks.
NEUT26|"Be sure to follow us on Twitter at MBA mortgage or check out Mortgage Bankers Association on Facebook and Instagram."""
