BULL0|"""I want to get into the 200,000,000 subscribers are apparently Netflix according to reports sent employees a bottle of champagne and confetti to celebrate, surpassing that key milestone."
NEUT1|What is this number now mean for Netflix, given it's come at the same time when competition has certainly been very thick on the ground with other streamers launching services?
BULL2|Want it in in terms of the the subscriber number, it shows the the leverage in the model so it gives Netflix that much greater power compared to all of these competitors that are trying to enter the market and we can see that quite clearly this quarter with the comments you just made regarding free cash flow.
BULL3|You now get this huge amount of revenue coming through and although the content costs are increasing as they provide content to to satisfy those new subscribers, you're getting leverage.
NEUT4|So the amount of content cost you need to spend per.
BULL5|The subscriber is reducing and you're seeing that that leverage comes through in the model and that directly comes through as some free cash flow, so that gives them a huge advantage compared to the competitors.
NEUT6|And if we look at sort of the competitive environment as well, I would say that although we are seeing a huge amount of competition come come into the market.
BULL7|They also have a number 2 playing field there.
NEUT8|The The Boltons rather than the instead of, so you're not seeing someone say you know what I'm going to cancel my next Netflix subscription and become a Disney Plus subscriber.
NEUT9|Instead, you're saying actually, you know I've got my Netflix, but maybe I want to add on some additional content with HBO Max or Disney Plus or Peacock.
BULL10|So Netflix is still quite a quite a way ahead of all of those competitors.
NEUT11|Amanda, 12 months ago we were talking about subscription, fatigue, weather.
BEAR12|Users would start to turn off from some of these services, but then of course we've been living through a pandemic.
NEUT13|When this has been one of the only forms of entertainment in the home, so from when we look at what Netflix has been able to do, it feels as though it's been a Fast forward moment on growth.
BULL14|Achieving the numbers it wanted to achieve, but also price hikes that we didn't think it would be able to execute $1.00 higher on its most popular subscription service.
NEUT15|What does it say to us about pricing power for Netflix at this point?
NEUT16|Well, they they think about pricing power in terms of engagement and I thought it was quite interesting on the call last night they mentioned that they, although they in terms of the number of households that penetrated in the US, is quite high in terms of the percentage of viewing hours they have.
BEAR17|It's still only around 10%.
BULL18|So there's a huge amount of room for growth there, and they see pricing price hikes directly linked to engagement.
NEUT19|So the more engagement they see from their subscribers, the easier it is for them to put forward a price hike.
NEUT20|And it feels like they're very measured in their approach.
NEUT21|For that they haven't put through a huge number of price hikes.
BULL22|I think it's been sort of 10% in total over the past few years, which if you think of the amount of additional content that you're getting as a Netflix subscriber, that's that's a pretty good deal.
NEUT23|"And certainly if you compare that to a a trip for even just a couple, let alone a family to the cinema once a month, it's a it's a bargain."""
