NEUT0|"""The Motley Fool announces $5 million investment in Bitcoin."
BULL1|In the discovery 10 times service, they created a new solution focused on finding investment opportunities with potential to increase 10 times in value within the next five 10-15 years.
NEUT2|The campaign highlighted that Motley Fool recommends a cryptocurrency as part of this real money 10 times portfolio.
NEUT3|Now they're telling us which cryptocurrency that is.
NEUT4|In the 10 times real money portfolio they are recommending and buying Bitcoin.
NEUT5|It will be a core holding in that portfolio.
BULL6|There are 39 other stocks they believe are on a path that could potentially lead to 10 times returns at some point over the next 15 years.
BULL7|Motley Fool believes Bitcoin could deliver those returns as well.
NEUT8|In addition to this portfolio allocation in 10 times in the coming weeks, The Motley Fool will also be separately buying $5 million in Bitcoin on their own balance sheet.
NEUT9|They will not only wait for all of the members in 10 times to be able to buy before they buy the 10 times allocation, but they're also giving all Motley Fool members a chance to get in ahead before they separately stake $5 million of the Motley Fool's own capital.
BULL10|While Bitcoin may very well continue to be volatile in the short term, they think it has 10 times potential from today's levels over the long term as part of a diversified portfolio.
NEUT11|They plan to hold this Bitcoin investment for many years.
NEUT12|They generally recommend that investors aim to own at least 30 stocks and hold them for a minimum of five years.
NEUT13|Starting with this 10 times portfolio, Bitcoin will be one of the Holdings in a diversified portfolio, backed by the Motley Fool's own cash.
NEUT14|The three primary reasons they are making this separate investment in Bitcoin R. They believe it will store value more effectively than gold over the long term.
BULL15|They believe it may become a medium for transactions as slash if pricing stabilizes in the decade ahead.
BULL16|They believe it can act as a productive hedge against inflation.
NEUT17|This is what The Motley Fool is doing.
NEUT18|Writers, an analysts for The Motley Fool might have differing opinions on Bitcoin.
NEUT19|They encourage spirited debate among their investment team discussion boards on full com and with the members.
NEUT20|Ultimately, it is up to each individual to determine what role Bitcoin can or should play in a diversified investment portfolio.
NEUT21|Finally, they aren't buying overpriced ETF's as their route into Bitcoin.
NEUT22|They're buying Bitcoin directly.
NEUT23|Every Thursday I will share with you all the latest stock recommendation from Motley Fool Stock Advisor.
NEUT24|"Don't forget to subscribe to my channel and turn on notification."""
