NEUT0|"""This is a study that I've been doing, and then I decided to share it with people because I think it's so important."
NEUT1|Yeah, a number of years ago, first with 2008 we got into a monetary situation, of course, where we are printing money, creating a lot of debt and monetizing it.
NEUT2|And then populism emerged around the world and President Trump, who was more of a populist, emerged.
NEUT3|And it affected tax policy.
NEUT4|It affected markets in a lot of different ways, and that led me to realize that there are three big things that are going on in the world that are dominant and then covid came along.
NEUT5|Those three forces are first.
NEUT6|The long term debt and monetary cycle, which I mean the creating a lot of debt, monetizing it, and the implications of that which reverberate through the system in terms of all the markets and everything.
NEUT7|The second is this conflict is polarization.
NEUT8|This wealth gap and how we're at each other's throats.
NEUT9|And I looked at the wealth gap and I looked at a lot of measures of conflict going back in time and I found that if they were in the 1930 to 45.
NEUT10|The printing of money as I described in debt monetization was also in the 1930 to 445.
NEUT11|And the third big influence is the rise of China.
NEUT12|So the rise of a great power challenging an existing great power, the United States and that has enormous implications as investor, I think what are the relative appeals of the markets.
NEUT13|But it has a lot of implications.
NEUT14|It's not just a trade war, so the markets and everything were reverberating, the trade war, the technology war, the geopolitical war in Taiwan, and the South China Seas and and then.
NEUT15|Also, the Capital War we're seeing that emerge.
NEUT16|So those three factors required me to then go back in history and I I wanted to study the rises and declines of reserve currency empires.
NEUT17|So I needed to go back far enough.
NEUT18|Then I would have a few, so I have to go back 500 years so I could see the rise and decline of the Dutch Empire an its reserve currency, the rise and decline of the British Empire and its reserve currency, the rise and beginning of decline for the United States.
NEUT19|And it's reserve currency and China.
NEUT20|And that's so those are the forces.
NEUT21|"And that's what I did, which it you're referring to, and not by the way that's available for anybody to read on LinkedIn."""
