NEUT0|"""No matter where you look in technology, it's a lot of red and all these big names are either in bear markets or on the cusp of a bear market."
BEAR1|Scarlet at the beginning of the day, it looked like it was going to be a dark day for all of tech.
BEAR2|We've seen some names rebound Facebook alphabet, but it continues to be a very bad day for Apple an with Apple, a lot of other companies go down with it.
NEUT3|All of those suppliers that you have been talking about.
NEUT4|The main news today came out of Goldman Sachs.
BEAR5|Another downgrade you know, talking about how they believe that Apple has miscalculated the price on its cheapest, cheapest iPhone.
NEUT6|The 10 are saying that at that price it's just two.
BEAR7|Expensive for the market that they're trying to reach, and that on top of all of these production cuts that we've been hearing about has not been good news for Apple.
NEUT8|Now on one hand, there's the question of whether Apple can continue to maintain its numbers, continued to maintain, selling as many iPhones as they have, especially as they don't report unit numbers.
NEUT9|This current quarter, on the other hand, there are analysts like Gene Munster who believe that investors just aren't getting the Apple story right now that Apple will maintain the broad base of iPhones that it already has, and.
BULL10|If it can continue to grow that base even in the single digits, it's still a huge opportunity.
NEUT11|Yeah, normally give us your perspective.
NEUT12|Your expertise here because this isn't that rare is it that we hear these sort of sounding of the alarm bells from suppliers of Apple saying look maybe the iPhones won't sell it great guns as you always expect.
NEUT13|And then each year well they come out with their sales of the Holidays and it's just not so bad.
NEUT14|Caroline, you're right, we hear this every single year.
NEUT15|Every year Apple reports its guidance for the fourth quarter.
NEUT16|It takes some time for investors to digest that and then about two weeks in to the quarter, we start to hear this news coming out of the supply chain.
BULL17|But these early indicators are often not very good indicators, and as we move closer to the Holidays, we see sales start to pick up and ultimately the quarter at the end of it looks pretty good.
NEUT18|So that is what Gene Monster is talking about.
NEUT19|You know, digesting these supplier numbers, these supplier issues is much more of an art than a science.
NEUT20|And some investors are better at digesting that than others.
NEUT21|You know that is not to say that Apple isn't facing huge challenges in certain emerging markets.
NEUT22|There's a lot of competition in China and especially in India.
BEAR23|"Where they really haven't been able to crack the market at all."""
