BEAR0|"""Previously we discussed the boom in US natural gas production and how that's contributed to a collapse in natural gas prices."
BULL1|That, of course has been tremendously beneficial for consumers of natural gas, both in the United States and with the advent of LNG exports from the United States.
NEUT2|Consumers all around the world.
BEAR3|However, the collapse in prices for natural gas is not been.
NEUT4|Beneficial to everybody, least of all, not the natural gas producers who are sort of the bust within the boom of natural gas production in the United States.
NEUT5|Shale production comes from seven major regions, of which Appalachia, the Permian Basin in Haynesville and Arkansas, are the most in prominent now.
NEUT6|Would all seven regions have in common?
BEAR7|Is collapsing capital investment and plummeting rig counts across every region?
BEAR8|Presumably the recent natural gas and crude oil sell offs will put further downward pressure on capital investments in the sector.
NEUT9|Amid the bearish price environment, producers have been pursuing a variety of different restructuring strategies.
NEUT10|Some of them have relied on raising capital through debt, which allows him to keep producing for even longer.
BEAR11|Unfortunately, the low price environment has eroded equity valuations, amplifying the problem of holding on economic assets and pushing some companies to write offs, fire sales, financial distress, and even bankruptcies.
BEAR12|For the moment, the declining capital expenditure has had little impact on production.
BEAR13|Amid soaring productivity per Rick now soaring per rig productivity, however, provides a distorted picture of where US natural gas production may be heading.
BEAR14|If one takes off all of the exploratory rigs and draws them offline, the rig count declines while production continues apace from rigs that have already been successfully deployed.
NEUT15|Now the average shale gas well, however.
BEAR16|Last for only 18 to 24 months eventually per rig productivity could begin to decline.
BEAR17|If that happens, that combination of low rig counts and falling productivity could cause U.S. oil and natural gas production to begin to fall.
BULL18|Following US production could intern begin to reduce very high storage levels and allow prices to drift somewhat higher, but it is important to point out that even if US prices were to drift somewhat higher for natural gas.
BULL19|US prices would still remain very very low compared to international prices like those seen in Asia and Europe, and it's very likely the US LNG exports will continue to thrive even if prices rose, say 25 or 50% or more.
NEUT20|"I'm Erik Norland senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
