BULL0|"""China's fintech giant entry was on pace to break IPO records and on track to raise more than $34 billion ahead of the blockbuster listings in Hong Kong and Shanghai."
NEUT1|The company's charismatic co-founder, Jack Ma, spoke at a public forum about how China's financial system should be best regulated or my partner, your Brandy, afford her tender found for sure, but it reaches out.
NEUT2|But now you're talking about fat like White Villa.
BEAR3|In a dramatic turn around, Chinese regulators brought the IPO plans to a halt, casting doubt over the future of an.
BEAR4|So how did plans for what would have been the world's biggest IPO comes screeching to a halt.
NEUT5|And has revolutionized digital finance in China.
NEUT6|There is nothing quite like it in Western financial circles.
BULL7|For China's leadership, it is a source of great pride that you have these big powerful tech companies like an.
NEUT8|It handles more than $17 trillion a year in payments.
NEUT9|It really is one of the backbones of the E Commerce industry.
NEUT10|Many people save and invest through an and they also use it to borrow money as well.
NEUT11|It is kind of stepped in and assumed this important position.
NEUT12|Between banks and their end customers where it has this nice business of kind of organizing loans, whereas the banks bear most of the credit risk.
BEAR13|And has come under increasing regulatory scrutiny, partly because of its sheer size.
NEUT14|Some of the biggest potential problems.
NEUT15|Front Center on its loan business draft rules covering lending done by businesses other than banks affectively require the company to put more of its own skin in the game.
NEUT16|Now it needs perhaps to put as much as 30% of the capital up itself.
NEUT17|Recently and Co founder Jack MA is made rather provocative speech where he talked about how he thought the financial system in China should be overseen.
NEUT18|Paul, that's how she bought party.
BEAR19|I'm glad that supports what kind of funds that you generate, and that perhaps was rather unwelcome in the highest circles of the Chinese leadership.
NEUT20|We don't know precisely why regulators decided to suspend the IPO, but we know that there was a meeting between atop Ant executives Jack Ma and four of China's major financial regulators and a day later, the Stock Exchange said that actually this couldn't go ahead.
NEUT21|For now, it seems to some observers that this is partly also a way of letting ants, top leaders and controlling shareholder Jack Mar know that they shouldn't get too big for their britches in a way that they shouldn't presume to know what's best for China's financial system, or what kind of regulation.
NEUT22|Works best in the country where the government likes to keep very tight control on things in almost every industry.
BEAR23|The reaction in the markets basically was one of shocks shares in Alibaba, which owns part of an fell shares in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, fell because it was due to see a boost in trading volumes after an went public.
BULL24|An apologized to investors for any trouble caused and said it would embrace regulations.
NEUT25|It has outlined how it will refund individual investors in Hong Kong investors in mainland China is still waiting for details on how they will get their money back and has to kind of go back and think about what it needs to redo in order to kind of win.
NEUT26|"The approval of these all powerful Chinese regulators to go public."""
