BULL0|"""Can Decentraland grow significantly during the peak of this altcoin cycle?"
NEUT1|In this video will be setting a price target.
NEUT2|We're going over the chart and will be discussing the fundamentals, so the mana token is currently at 0.15.
NEUT3|Eighty was dollars, it has retested the 0.2 U.S. dollar resistance level a few days ago and just one week ago with pump through the 0.12 U.S. dollar resistance level, we're going to be setting a price target a bit later on guys, but first let's head to the fundamentals.
NEUT4|Decentraland has a market cap of 205 million.
NEUT5|A 24 hour trading volume of 59 million a circulating supply of 1.3 billion and the maximum supply of two point 1 billion.
NEUT6|So Decentraland is a decentralized virtual reality world that is powered by the Ethereum blockchain and it is the world that we see right here in this virtual world.
NEUT7|You can purchase land, build it and monetize it, and you can immerse yourself into the applications and content that is built by other users.
NEUT8|What distinguishes Decentraland from other VR project is its decentralized nature and the land in Decentraland and the in game currency are powered by the Italian blockchain which gives users complete ownership and promotes transparency.
NEUT9|Land on the central and is a non fungible token powered by the Ethereum blockchain and all purchases of land are traceable through the blockchain giving the user total control of the land that they purchase on the center and you can create scenes and artworks using the simple builder tool and then you can trade.
NEUT10|Items that you create for Mana tokens, which can then be used to buy other items or buy land.
NEUT11|We see that the central and has a DAO which is a decentralized autonomous organization and now owns the most important smart contracts and assets that make up the central end.
NEUT12|This include the land contract, the Estates contract, wearables, content servers, and the marketplace.
NEUT13|Through the doubt the users are in control of the policies created to determine how the world behaves.
NEUT14|For example, what kinds of wearable items are allowed or not allowed?
NEUT15|The community of the Dow will propose and vote on policy updates and future land auctions.
BULL16|OK guys, I think the central end is a truly exciting project and we're going to get to our price target right now.
NEUT17|So given that this entrance market cap is currently at 200,000,000, I believe that the market cap of 10 billion is achievable during the peak of the outgoing cycle.
NEUT18|And that would give the man a token, a price of 7.5 U.S. dollars and over here on coindesk.com we see an interesting article about how grayscale, which is a digital asset manager, has registered a trust for the central, and I think this is an amazing project for the blockchain community and I hope you learn something new from this video.
NEUT19|If you drop a like and if you don't want to miss out on the crypto market, don't forget to subscribe.
NEUT20|"See you next time."""
