NEUT0|"""Explain this via video chart on ticker symbol SP."
NEUT1|Why we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame for not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Well, overall you know I'm not trying to sit here and come across as this is some sort of great discovery.
NEUT4|I'm not trying to sit here and say that this is, you know, require some sort of great skill.
NEUT5|Nothing like that.
NEUT6|In fact, the exact opposite people that use charts understand charts are have notice the exact same things, and I say all that just to set up the context of when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same things called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want.
BULL7|It can definitely produce some very worthwhile movements, and that's what we have here as the SP has just basically been chopping back and forth, but in doing so.
NEUT8|It is revealed a couple of key levels that again a whole lot of people around the world are going to be watching, and at first level from the resistance side of things is right up there at.
NEUT9|407 you can see that time and time again.
NEUT10|Generally speaking.
NEUT11|I mean, it's not like it it 407 exactly, but.
NEUT12|Time and time again, the prices you know gotten up around that area and it's just never been able to quite push through.
NEUT13|So my point here is that while there are no guarantees, it is a more than valid, it is a more than a rational thought to have that if the price comes up to that area and can bring it the breakthrough there that break in of itself could very well cause quite a bit of upwards buying pressure.
NEUT14|Again, not a guarantee, but certainly a very valid and rational thought to have, so you're going to want to watch that area very closely from the resistance side of things, and then on the other side, the level that a whole bunch of people will be watching.
NEUT15|'cause again a whole bunch of times the price been down here around.
NEUT16|That 405 fifty mark.
BEAR17|As you can see here an it's continue to hold and hold, so point being, if the price were to come down at 4:05 fifty and break below there, that breaking up itself could create quite a bit of downward selling pressure.
NEUT18|Now I don't mean the sense of and all the stock market crashes, I just mean from a training standpoint.
BULL19|There could definitely be some opportunity there.
NEUT20|You know, for the price that you need to know that and go through a little bit little bit bigger of a pullback, but overall those would be the two main levels that I think stand out the most.
NEUT21|So let's see how things continue to play out relative to the sideways channel.
NEUT22|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT23|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT24|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL25|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT26|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT27|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT28|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT32|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT34|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT35|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back.
NEUT36|And watch the replay that I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
