BULL0|"""Thanks for the beautiful beautiful weekend in Omaha on Mica sale."
NEUT1|From New York City with a question for Warren and Charlie about what makes a company's price earnings ratio move up relative to other companies in its industry, how can we as investors find company and even industries that will grow their relative price earnings ratios as well as their earnings?
BULL2|And thank you for the wonderful weekend and for sharing your brilliance with the shareholders.
NEUT3|Thank you.
NEUT4|Thank you.
BULL5|The you know it's very simple, but price earnings ratio, relative price earnings ratios move up.
BULL6|Because people expect either the industry or the company's prospects to be better relative to all other securities than they have been in their preceding view, and can turn out to be justified or otherwise absolute price earnings ratios.
NEUT7|Move up in respect to the earning power of the perspective earning power of that is viewed by the investing public.
NEUT8|Of future.
NEUT9|Returns on equity and also in response to changes in interest rates and.
NEUT10|In the recent well, really the ever since 1982, but the but extension in recent years.
NEUT11|You've had decreasing interest rates pushing up stocks in aggregate an you had an increase in corporate profits return on equity of American businesses improved dramatically recently and that also and people are starting to believe it, so that is pushed up absolute price earnings ratios and then within that universe of all stocks when people get more enthusiastic about a specific business or a specific industry, they will push up the relative PE ratio.
NEUT12|For that stalker industry, Charlie is coming.
NEUT13|Yes, I think he also asked how do you?
BULL14|Forecast these improvements and price earnings ratios.
NEUT15|That's your.
NEUT16|That's your part of the question.
BULL17|Around here I would say that if our predictions have been a little better than other people's, it's because we tried to make fewer of them.
NEUT18|Well, we also try not to do anything difficult, which ties in with that.
NEUT19|We we we.
NEUT20|We really do feel that it's you get paid just as well.
NEUT21|You know that this is not like.
NEUT22|Olympic diving, an Olympic diving.
BULL23|You know they have a degree of difficulty factor and if you can do some very difficult dive, the payoff is greater.
NEUT24|If you do it well, then if you do some very simple dive that's not true and investments you get paid just as well for the most simple dive.
NEUT25|As long as you execute it all right and there's no reason to try those three and a halves when you get paid just as well for just diving off the side of the pool and going in cleanly.
NEUT26|We we we look for one foot bars to step over rather than 7 foot or 8 foot bars to try and set some Olympic record by jumping over.
BULL27|"And it's very nice 'cause you get paid just as well for the 1 foot bars."""
