NEUT0|"""The speaking thanks for watching this quick video on for that stock."
NEUT1|So for the's been performing let's say not very well since the virus since the virus came in, but it seems that since July, August, July, those processes be moving inside the channel.
NEUT2|This is just using a very simple technical analysis.
NEUT3|Tools like channel trendlines and exponential moving average in this situation where we can see we can say that this this channel with the resistance level over 7.
BULL4|.5 U.S. dollar has been broken upward so it means that this residence level is being broken, giving strength signal to this market and when this situation distribution up these situations up and generally the target price, it's very easy to be found.
NEUT5|This is just the projection of this channel depth.
NEUT6|From the breakout point.
NEUT7|So it is this is age.
NEUT8|This is H and then we found the new target price of eight.
NEUT9|Five U.S. dollars.
NEUT10|So for fourth base the meaning of technical analysis.
NEUT11|The idea is to go along with the target price of 8.5 U.S. dollar and it is mainly based on the channel theorie without any support or fundamental analysis.
NEUT12|So just to remind you, please read a lot of fundamental analysis.
NEUT13|Fundamental news.
NEUT14|Try to match fundamental news and technical analysis in try always to remember that technical analysis can be wrong.
NEUT15|It's not always sure it's not under percent sure so, but now, based on this chair channel Thierry Idea is to go longer because we got this.
NEUT16|The signal strength due to these breakout to this residence level and be aware of this ending decending reportes that is 2 on OS2 on Wednesday when 28th of October.
NEUT17|So we are going there so be careful.
NEUT18|This this state that something can raise or upgrade or downgrade this talk so after the results of discerning the stocks can really keep going upward or can really jump down again after this residence level of 7.5 U.S. dollar.
BULL19|I think this talk might jump a little bit between 8.5 and 7.5 if this residence level will not be broken in the next days.
NEUT20|So conclusion, just go along, mainly based on this theory channel, or if you would just wait for this 28 October.
NEUT21|See wait for the results of this earning or descending results, and then we will.
NEUT22|After that we can see what to do based on these results.
NEUT23|Biting Regini says that we're not going to break.
BULL24|Lisa distance level at the city center will not be brave, not be I think will not be broken again hopefully regarding this is regarding for the actually.
NEUT25|The idea is that perhaps we can go back soon and only then we can go back to its previous level of nine, nine and 9.5 U.S. dollar per share.
NEUT26|So that's so from my understanding of this talk by just again or just go along for now based mainly on technical analysis, we should always remember that technical analysis can be wrong.
NEUT27|And always read a lot of fundamental analysis.
NEUT28|"Thanks bye."""
