NEUT0|"""Welcome back to another video today."
NEUT1|I'm gonna be taking a look at Stellar Lumens, which is X LM against the USD based on coin base prices and just kind of give my thoughts as an update on this chart.
NEUT2|So if you guys had watched the last videos, these levels were some levels I had drawn out as some support and resistance is so I think I was talking about it somewhere in the middle of this channel here.
NEUT3|So I'm going to kind of clean this chart up a little bit, since it ended up holding the support around that 35 cent Mark reclaimed the 40 cent level and then it broke out of this resistance here.
NEUT4|So kind of one of the things that I would have been watching for it was when it looked like volume was really starting to come in over $0.45.
BULL5|That was a pretty strong level to break.
NEUT6|This one ended up running straight through three different resistances at 4548 and about that like 52 and a half cent mark and now even though there's a lot of volume today, it's starting to put in this giant doji candle.
NEUT7|So what I would be looking for is some consolidation at this one.
NEUT8|Keep consolidate above this like 52 and a half cent level.
NEUT9|You know I have pretty much no doubt that this one will retest.
NEUT10|You know the highs and potentially close above like that 57 cent level.
BULL11|A close above that is really going to spark this one for an even bigger run, most likely over $0.60 and into price discovery mode.
NEUT12|You know over the top of this week here.
NEUT13|But you know, this one would still have a pretty healthy look to it if it could kind of consolidate somewhere in this range anywhere really above, like that 4849 cent Mark, which is exactly where this acted as support on this week.
NEUT14|Down here.
BULL15|Some consolidation kind of just in this range in general would keep this one looking really healthy for a leg up.
BEAR16|You know if it starts to lose these levels on the daily and closed below it, I don't see any reason why this one doesn't retest like the 4443 Mark.
NEUT17|So I mean that would be a pretty heavy pull back and it could end up back in this kind of same channel that we had drawn out from the beginning.
BULL18|So I want to see some consolidation up high, potentially even a little pullback, especially after this scandal, but with the volume and the fact that there's still some indecision, there's definitely possibility at this one could have another leg up in the next day or two.
NEUT19|You know, even as close as like in this next 30 minute candle, 'cause that will be the next daily candle.
NEUT20|But I mean a little bit of a pullback or some sideways action, as long as it really stays above this like 48 to 49 cent mark on the daily.
NEUT21|It doesn't close below it.
BULL22|It still has a pretty good look in my opinion and is set up for potentially a push to, you know that the.
NEUT23|Previous highs so this one kind of reminds me of like Binance coin starting to curl back up towards some big spots so they can crack and hold this one around $0.57 fifty six and a half cents on the daily.
NEUT24|It's going much higher but these are just kind of my general thoughts on this chart so if this video is valuable to you at all go ahead and like comment, subscribe and share.
NEUT25|As always I'm not a financial advisor.
NEUT26|This video is not financial advice.
NEUT27|If you're going to do any investing, speak to a certified financial advisor.
BULL28|"Alright, thank you for watching everyone."""
