NEUT0|"""3:47 AM Pacific Standard Time 12 fourteen, 2020 by Georg Salai Facebook Twitter email mule Disney CEO Bob."
BEAR1|Chat back at the company's Investor Day 2020 BMO Capital Markets analyst Daniel Salmon on Monday downgraded his rating on the stock of the Walt Disney Company from Outperform to market perform, citing considerable multiple expansion recently for both initial vaccine news and Thursdays Direct to Consumer Investor Day Dot.
BULL2|Following the event, Disney stock hit an all time high as Wall Street lauded CEO Bob Chat back and his team for strong execution and attractive slate of streaming content.in report entitled Now The Hard part, begins Salmon raised his Disney stock price target by $20 to $185 but highlighted that for him, Netflix retakes the topic mental dot.
BULL3|However, while the Emma said he has decided to step to the sidelines for now, he also highlighted key positives for Disney.
BULL4|We believe improved vaccination rates could help Disney continue to be a solid reopening play.
BULL5|He rode to be sure the Disney Plus sub forecast surpassed the most bullish expectations and were supported by an incredible amount of new content, but our favorite story stock closes out this recommended chapter between direct to consumer investor days.
NEUT6|Nevertheless, Dot Salmon noted that Disney raise this ESPN plus subscriber targets, but there was otherwise relatively little on how Disney sees live sports on ESPN shirting to streaming.
BEAR7|He added improved mood in light of the Disney Plus subscriber Charge TS, but we expect this will be a question that continues to hang over ESPN Disney even if investors ultimately know there is a very different relationship with sports content versus general entertainment.
NEUT8|Dot the BMO analyst also mentioned Disney's decisions on the theatrical and or streaming distribution of films including the Disney Plus release of the live action, Pinocchio and Peter Pan and Wendy.
NEUT9|And the theatrical release of Black Widow.
NEUT10|To our surprise, there was no new news on major films moving to Disney Plus versus theatrical runs.
BULL11|He Rd management held firm on his view that there remains a place for strong theatrical window for Temple films and will leave Warner Bros to figure out how to quell talents.
BEAR12|Questions about back end compensation for shifted films.
BULL13|Dot Sammons price target increase was driven by his direct to consumer business price target going to $120 from $100.
NEUT14|Well our car business target remains $65 dot Georg SELAI 2020 The Hollywood Reporter.
NEUT15|LLC All rights reserved.
NEUT16|Dhe Hollywood Reporter is a registered trademark of The Hollywood Reporter, LLC.
NEUT17|Dot terms of use privacy policy Sigma patches California privacy rights do not sell my personal information.
NEUT18|"Your privacy preferences are affiliate publications."""
