NEUT0|"""After the Bell on Thursday, we received fiscal third quarter results from technology giant Apple AAPL for its June ending."
BEAR1|For the past few months, there has been a lot of uncertainty surrounding the name as the coronavirus pandemic lead management to withhold any formal guidance while shares had rallied tremendously into this report, a blower report combined with a stock split announcement sent the stock to a new high in after hours trading.
BEAR2|So much for all of those worries about Apple revenues declining over the prior year.
BULL3|As the table below shows, all five key revenue segments showed growth over their respective Q 320.
BEAR4|Nineteen results management was actually calling for a decent decline in iPhone revenues, so the increase of 1.7% was actually a pleasant surprise.
BULL5|All other segments showed double digit increases led by the iPad with over 31% growth in Mac approaching 22%.
BEAR6|Perhaps the only disappointment here was the service segment, which only came in around or slightly below most analyst estimates.
NEUT7|Dollar values below are in 1,000,000 except per share amounts.
BULL8|Service margins showed an impressive 309 basis point rise while product margins continued their downward trend.
BEAR9|A blowout of more than $7 billion on the top line was obviously going to filter down to the income statement.
BULL10|The lower tax rate combined with the buyback certainly helped the EPS figure come in more than $0.50 ahead of the street, even with a number of analyst estimates rising in recent weeks.
BULL11|This report was one of the best we've ever seen from the company, as mostly expected.
NEUT12|Apple management did not provide any guidance for the September ending fiscal Q4.
BEAR13|However, there was confirmation that the iPhone launch will be delayed a little, meaning no new phones available until early to mid October.
BEAR14|I'm sure that analysts will be rushing to raise estimates considerably after this huge Q3 beat, but we could see a revenue slash earnings miss next time around if expectations rise too much.
NEUT15|As we look towards the stock itself, management did slow down the buy back a little, only buying back about $16 billion worth of shares.
NEUT16|I mentioned that possibility in my preview article.
BEAR17|That the huge rally could cause some Conservatives.
BEAR18|The surprise here was that a four for one stock split was announced, which will again send the actual number of shares outstanding much higher.
BEAR19|But Apple shares will then move down to about $100 or so, based on current prices.
BEAR20|Interestingly enough, that will actually cause apples weight in the Dow Jones industrial Average, Dow 30 to drop, since that index is based on share price.
BEAR21|Apple shares topped $400 in the after hours session, setting a new all time high in the process and there will be a lot of analysts that don't look good.
BULL22|As a result, the stock went into this earnings report above the average price target on the street, with many analysts having targets in the low to mid dollar 300 S we are certainly going to see a lot of targets hiked after this report and the stock split will likely lead to some more buying.
BEAR23|"While we will have to wait a little longer than usual for the next set of iPhone launches Apple put to bed this week, any fears that the business was really being hurt by the coronavirus."""
