NEUT0|"""Hi fools, this nikpour analyst at fool.com and we spend a lot of time when we're talking about investing in the stock market."
NEUT1|Looking at the numbers, looking at the science, looking at the accounting and those are very hard science features, but actually there's something much more abstract, much more ethereal to investing when we talk about the artistic nature of investment.
NEUT2|Really want to think about companies that are changing the universe now?
NEUT3|You might say, hey, that's all squishy stuff, that doesn't matter.
NEUT4|But the truth matters when you look at some of the companies that have great success over the past few years.
NEUT5|Roll Apple, all sorts of other companies that are doing things to change the world, and that's the kind of X Factor that you need to identify as in company.
NEUT6|One way to illustrate this as just to look at companies that are having success in their various industries.
NEUT7|Look at the entertainment industry.
NEUT8|Look at Walt Disney versus companies like Time Warner like companies like News Corp. Disney is all about the full experience.
NEUT9|There are all about bringing joy to children and even adults too, and they've centered their business around delivering that emotion over all sorts of experiences, experiences in entertainment.
NEUT10|Experiences and products experiencing in their theme parks.
BULL11|They do a fantastic job of catering to that entire experiential emotion.
NEUT12|Look at the other companies.
NEUT13|They're just tossing out products, tossing out content, tossing out movies and pieces of information.
NEUT14|But they're not really attempting to build anything greater.
NEUT15|I mean, so when you look at the characteristics of Disney as a share as a stock, Disney has been a just a behemoth over the past half century and that's what you're really looking for when you're talking about experience you're looking for that X Factor that June Issaquah and companies.
NEUT16|Other companies similar Southwest all sorts of other companies doing the exact same thing.
NEUT17|Spend some time using the other side of your brain, not the hard side.
NEUT18|The soft side to think about the software part of investing is this company trying to change the universe, and that's really what I'm talking bout today.
NEUT19|Think about it as an investor.
BULL20|It will help you in great returns.
BULL21|Thanks very much.
NEUT22|"Nick report with full.com Foulon."""
