NEUT0|"""Best advice I would give somebody starting out as an entrepreneur would be find the smartest person or the most accomplished person that will take you seriously or from work for them for free and just see everything that you can learn."
NEUT1|My name is Matt Humphrey Co.
NEUT2|Founder and CEO of Lending Home and I'm 29 years old.
NEUT3|Lending Home is the best way to get a mortgage.
NEUT4|We've re engineered the process from end to end starting with technology to make it really simple, fast and reliable for anyone, anywhere to be able to get a mortgage and we also make it very easy for investors to invest in those mortgages as well.
NEUT5|It's amazing for such a big industry is still predominantly offline.
NEUT6|Physical retail branches paper, so bringing it online, making it fast where you can close in a matter of days or weeks, not months, expand the access to credit where today you know a huge percentage of customers, even creditworthy ones in the US, don't technically qualify.
NEUT7|Again, we fix that problem.
NEUT8|And really make the single most important purchase decision that every customer is ever going to make.
NEUT9|Make that process hassle free and really simple.
NEUT10|I was actually looking for a simple and transparent way to invest into real estate and mortgage and when I didn't find anything and kind of perk might hurt my attention and digging into the actual process and learning as somebody who didn't know much about the industry learning just how kind of old school and what a lack of technology there was, we thought there was a way we could do this better and so back in 2013 kicked off the company with the ambition of saying.
NEUT11|You know to rebuild a mortgage bank from the ground up with technology, take a significant effort.
NEUT12|Really rebuilding every piece of that value chain.
NEUT13|So we raised some money, spent six or seven months heads down building this next generation experience, and then ultimately started lending about 2 1/2 years ago.
NEUT14|The first three companies that I founded starting when I was 17 when we group of college buddies and I built our first, our first venture.
NEUT15|Each of those first three or four didn't workout at all, right?
NEUT16|We either believe that technology didn't quite function the way we thought.
BULL17|Or we we picked a bad market, but we were able to rebound from each of those and we learn something each time.
NEUT18|And so I'm a big believer that.
BEAR19|You're going to make a bunch of mistakes in life.
NEUT20|Make each one once learn that lesson, move on, and so I think you know when we're building something this complex this fast with this amount of growth.
BULL21|"Good to be not making all those mistakes for the first time and have a few few failed startups under the belt to earn their stripes."""
