BULL0|"""Elon Musk, the billionaire chief executive of electric carmaker Tesla Tesla, is once again boosting the price of joke cryptocurrency doge coin."
BEAR1|After a brief hiatus, Musk, a long time fan of Doge Coin, has played an outsized role in the Bitcoin Price Bull Run this year, after Tesla added $1.5 billion of Bitcoin to its balance sheet with more likely to be added.
NEUT2|Now Musk has said his private rocket company.
BULL3|SpaceX is going to put a doge coin on the literal moon, sending the price of the meme based cryptocurrency up 35% as Bitcoin and Ethereum both come within touching distance of their all time highs.
NEUT4|SpaceX is going to put a literal doge coin on the literal moon, Musk said, via Twitter, playing down suggestions that the announcement was an April Fools Day joke.
NEUT5|I know it's April fools, but I don't for a second question that he means this, CNBC space Reporter Michael Sheets responded to Musk, who replied after all, SpaceX is first payload to orbit and back was a wheel of cheese.
NEUT6|Sending a representation of a Doge coin token into space or even a machine running doge coin network software would be relatively simple for Musk, who's well known to have a flair for outrageous headline grabbing stunts.
NEUT7|A Tesla Roadster is currently floating near Mars after it was launched into space in 2018 as part of a dummy payload attached to the second stage of a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket.
NEUT8|Around the same time, Musk's boring company sold 20,000 flame shooting devices called, not a flamethrower for $500.00 each.
NEUT9|In order to raise funds to kick start the underground Transit Tunnel company.
NEUT10|However, Musk has previously said all of his doge coin related tweets are not meant to be taken seriously.
NEUT11|Occasionally I make jokes about Doge coin, but they are really meant to be jokes.
NEUT12|Musk said last month speaking during an interview on the invite only chat app clubhouse.
NEUT13|Musk is so highly committed to the doge coin mean.
NEUT14|Perhaps enough to send it into space.
NEUT15|He was voted Doge Coin CEO in a 2019 Twitter poll.
NEUT16|A meaningless role.
BULL17|He enthusiastically embraced and last month jokes that he would give more support to Doge coin.
BULL18|If big accounts sold their Holdings suggesting the market is controlled by a small number of users, the doche coin price has rocketed 900% so far this year with the tongue in cheek cryptocurrency reaching a staggering $10 billion total value last month.
BEAR19|When retail traders, frustrated by restrictions, placed on meme stocks such as GameStop switched to crypto currencies.
BULL20|"With rock stars in Youtubers helping to fuel the massive Doge Coin rally interest in Doge coin has exploded this year's Bitcoin, by far the biggest cryptocurrency with a total value of around $1.1 trillion after its latest search has climbed, thanks to a combination of Wall Street interest in retail traders piling into the Bitcoin market."""
