NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 24th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, why NIO will dominate alright let's get started.
BULL2|NIO stock was up more than 1150% from last year, which made an IO the best performing stock of 2020.
BULL3|However, one analyst thinks there is still more room to grow, according to Nomura analyst Martin Hung Nio is the epitome of Chinese luxury brands.
BULL4|Anna domestic leader in EV manufacturing, who believes that after Nio steep run up.
BULL5|Neo stock still remains a strong buy and has at least 30% gains coming in the near future.
NEUT6|Why does home love Neo to summarize this in two words, growth and batteries on the growth aspect.
BULL7|Who believes that the EV friendly infrastructure in China is improving, which will encourage more car buyers to make the leap to electrics hung states by as early as twenty 2516.5% of new cars sold in the Middle Kingdom should be electric switch implies an overall 31% annual sales growth rate for the industry and probably a faster growth rate for leaders like Neo.
BULL8|Additionally, at some point electrics should reach critical mass, which will convince even more car buyers to transition to electrics and accelerate sales growth.
NEUT9|Further, as far as the battery aspect, who believes that NIO will maintain a market leading position in China due to its batteries as a service based business model?
BULL10|With this model, Anio sells cars to customers, leases the batteries to run those cars, and then offers customers the ability to swap out their current batteries for new fully charged battery in less than 3 minutes hung states by improving swapping time to only three minutes and by placing such battery swapping stations throughout major cities in China.
NEUT11|Anio hopes to redefine the whole user experience of owning an EV.
BULL12|Swappable batteries helps to eliminate customers range anxiety, and at the same time it reduces wait times at charging stations.
NEUT13|Additionally, the most expensive part of an electric car, the battery is removed from the equation.
BEAR14|Thus customers will no longer need to worry about whether an age car battery might reduce the resale value of their cars years down the road.
NEUT15|All of the above says hung positions in Iota become the dominant power in China whose view of NIO is shared around Wall Street's analysts also.
BULL16|Based on 8 buyers and six holds, the Huns consensus is echoed.
NEUT17|Wall Street analysts suggests investors should get in now while the stock is still on discount.
NEUT18|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT19|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT20|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT21|Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL22|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT23|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT24|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
