NEUT0|"""What's up everyone."
NEUT1|Welcome back to the channel today.
NEUT2|Let's discuss Disney stock now.
NEUT3|This stock is something that I've owned for the last year, but I only bought a few shares.
NEUT4|That's the time where I decided to transition more into tech, right?
NEUT5|So if you were to look at My Portfolio around April is when I made the decision to get out or just buy and hold the few shares that I have in value and then move more towards tech.
NEUT6|So tech is the reason why I've had.
BEAR7|This dramatic growth, which I do believe is going to start slowing down, unfortunately.
NEUT8|But you know, of course, I like to say that I'm smart enough to know when it's time to transition.
BULL9|So I believe stocks like Disney is going to do very, very well this summer, and I believe this for a few reasons.
NEUT10|So Disney has several parks that are going to open up this summer time and due to the fact that the vaccine being distributed is going to get to more and more people.
NEUT11|People are going to start to go to places like Disney as resort to travel to.
NEUT12|So Disney is definitely a considered a travel stock in my opinion because it's a resort.
NEUT13|People go there to have a good time and there is this huge pent up demand at home.
NEUT14|People are saying they don't want to stay at home anymore, so Disney is a great stock to put money in.
BULL15|In my opinion, I think that it has a lot of room to grow because not only are their numbers in terms of subscriptions doing well, but also with the parks reopening and people getting out there.
BULL16|They're going to start to see huge revenue boosts from those divisions in their company, so I believe that Disney is 100% buy in my opinion.
BULL17|I think that we're going to see massive growth, especially this summer time.
NEUT18|Maybe it's not growth that's considered a Tesla, because this needs been around for a long time and you know they've been very consistent.
BEAR19|But this summer specifically is when we're going to see huge growth, and unfortunately the tech sector is going to suffer a little because there's really no reason to put your money in Amazon anymore.
BEAR20|You're going to Disney, and Disney probably has a Walmart right next to it where you can go in and buy what you need so the stay at home stocks are going to go down while the travel and leisure stocks are going to go up.
NEUT21|So do your research and make sure you're picking the right ones.
NEUT22|An yeah just just be careful at on what you buy because it's very important to choose the right stocks.
NEUT23|An an example of a stock that may be a little overvalued is booking Holdings.
NEUT24|And this is something that I caught and will swing trading earlier on, but because it's right now priced at 2400, that may be a little much.
NEUT25|And that's why analysts are saying to hold the company.
NEUT26|But Disney, I think in my opinion it has a long way to run it.
NEUT27|As long as you're willing to hold for the next three or four months.
BULL28|"I think this stock is going to do well, so thank you for watching and I hope you like and subscribe."""
