NEUT0|"""If I'm a newer investor and I you know, maybe I've started."
NEUT1|Or maybe I'm just in funds now and I want to get into individual stocks.
NEUT2|How do I go about building a portfolio?
NEUT3|How do you build the foundations of a portfolio?
NEUT4|Well, I think it's a great question and actually the best way to build a foundation for a portfolio.
NEUT5|You have to get started somewhere right?
NEUT6|And so we recognize that.
NEUT7|And what we do.
NEUT8|Actually at stock advisor for example, we have what's called the core.
NEUT9|These are 10 stocks, 5 from each side of the card where we feel like these are a great way for investors to get started in investments that are pretty solid.
NEUT10|OK, they are a little bit of a lower risk profile, and that's intentional because we don't want investors to be scared away by something that's going to be more volatile or less.
NEUT11|Less certain now, nothing is nothing is certain in life obviously, but with the core stocks, we focus on findings companies we call them Green Circle businesses and what we mean by that is we want them to be very easy to understand.
NEUT12|Much interesting how they make their money.
NEUT13|So with Apple, for example, when we know they make their money by selling off this premium hardware right?
NEUT14|With Nike we understand they make money by selling off this athletic gear and so having companies that are easy to understand, we're looking for companies with global scale or at least worldly aspirations because we think that really maximizes their market opportunity.
NEUT15|And, you know, we're looking for companies that still have really what we think the chance.
BULL16|We want them to have the chance to beat the market over the coming 5-10 years, so we're looking for companies that will offer investors a chance to beat the market.
BULL17|But by the same token, won't overwhelm them from the very beginning.
NEUT18|Whole Foods I think is a very easy understand because virtually everybody has to eat.
NEUT19|I mean everybody has to eat food and drink water and drink whatever everybody needs to go to the grocery store.
NEUT20|And so it's a very familiar concept with most people.
NEUT21|Whole Foods is rule breaking in the sense that they're taking the whole organic food and natural food thing to a new to a new level for us.
NEUT22|But really think Whole Foods as a core stock.
NEUT23|It's very easy to understand because they sell groceries.
NEUT24|"People get it and that's how they make their money by selling us groceries."""
