BULL0|"""So I believe that going forward there will be more uncertainty in terms of the Fed trajectory."
NEUT1|Fed is trying to set expectations in terms of how you know they are 2019.
NEUT2|Monetary policy will be an we have now seen that it's going to be more data dependent and it's certainly looking more uncertain going forward because of more concerns on the global economy.
BEAR3|So for 2019 I think we don't expect overall U.S. economy to go below trend, but certainly some slowing could start to occur and I think there will be a challenge for the policy makers to handle both the moderating growth.
BULL4|Outlook as well as still high inflationary pressures and as if that unwinding of a stimulus program that we've seen an unprecedented one after the financial crisis wasn't difficult enough.
BEAR5|We had this big trade battle between the US and China based on the most recent signs, though, that we've been given in this 90 day truce.
NEUT6|If you will, do you think that that will become more of a positive element next year?
BULL7|That could be one of the areas where the global markets could take some positive iti from because 2018 was a year where we've had a lot of strong fundamentals performances.
BEAR8|However, they haven't managed to convince the markets of that outlook was bright.
BULL9|The trade has certainly caused more uncertainty in 2018, so having more clarity on the global trade front will certainly help to at least alleviate some of the negative sentiments that markets are facing.
NEUT10|Tablet.
NEUT11|But Jeff, in terms of getting that kind of clarity, there are a lot of worries given what we're seeing not just in terms of the messaging from President Trump but also the MIS messaging when it comes from Theresa May and with regards to Brexit, and certainly that US China trade spat continues to weigh on the markets.
NEUT12|What's your take there?
NEUT13|Because there doesn't seem to be a case to be made that there will be less uncertainty going forward.
NEUT14|Absolutely.
BEAR15|So if the truth doesn't bring about a more concrete trade deal, we still believe that there could be more weakening of markets.
NEUT16|For instance, our dollar CNY forecast.
BEAR17|We still expect them to weaken going forward, not at a huge pace, but at a gradual pace towards like see Dollar CNY at 7.05 by end of next year.
BEAR18|However, if China loses control and credibility and market start to fear that there's going to be more concerns on China.
NEUT19|Tomentose in 2019.
NEUT20|We could even see Dollar CNY at 7.5, even though I think that's our tail risk for now.
NEUT21|Around 10 to 15% probability.
NEUT22|Still, if there's some positive takeaways to take out of it.
BULL23|If there's some resolution in trade tensions and the US and China finally strikes a deal, we could even see Dollar CNY at 6.5%.
BULL24|Markets coming back slightly, and I think there could be some rotation away from developed markets to its interest in emerging markets again.
NEUT25|Hey everybody, it's Hadley.
NEUT26|Gamble from our new CNBC Middle East Bureau in Abu Dhabi.
BULL27|Thanks for stopping by.
NEUT28|"Now to watch more you can try one of the videos that just popped up on your screen and don't forget to subscribe."""
