NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clear in this weird video chart on ticker symbol AMZN Amazon."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|I'm not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Also from disclosure standpoint, I do own Amazon long in my retirement account, so just keep that in mind as they go through the analysis.
BEAR5|Well, disappointing day for Amazon and, uh, pretty not a guarantee, but a sign of weakness going forward.
NEUT6|Price gapped up and then the price just totally gave back all its gains, but it didn't give back all its gains to the point where it violated this very interesting level to watch moving forward.
NEUT7|And that level being right down here.
NEUT8|At the 3090 Mark, So 39 is going to be a level where just there's gonna be so many more people watching it moving forward.
BEAR9|Because yeah, I mean it already stuck stood out going into today and then with the gap up.
NEUT10|It kind of got lost in the shuffle.
NEUT11|But then when the price rolled back over and then look where the price just decided to go sideways, wooden skin right above that level, there is just going to be so many more people watching that level, and rightfully so.
NEUT12|None of this is guaranteed to happen, but my core point here it's it's certainly a more than valid thought that if Amazon goes sideways and then pushes down through 3090.
BEAR13|That very well could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure.
NEUT14|Again, not a guarantee, but certainly you know not a random thought to have or anything like that in the event that level.
BULL15|Does not quite hold up as support at 3090 next key area.
NEUT16|Then I keep a close eye on would be in down there right around the 3050 Mark.
NEUT17|So there's.
BULL18|There's certainly some some territory here for the Bears to pick up some momentum, so we'll see what happens with it.
NEUT19|By yeah, you better believe lots and lots of traders are going to be watching that 3090 Mark in the event there is any sort of bounce to the upside key level of resistance watch.
NEUT20|Going to be right up there at the 3150 Mark so keep an eye on that, but as of right now, in my opinion at least, the very interesting dynamic is whether or not the price can stay above 3090.
NEUT21|So let's see how things play out on Tuesday.
NEUT22|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT23|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT24|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL25|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT26|The first key is super weird.
NEUT27|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT28|But in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT33|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT34|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
