BEAR0|"""Yes, indeed, we see a bit of vulnerability at the current price level."
NEUT1|Again, you know we like gold.
NEUT2|It's part of our strategic asset allocation in a world where a lot of debt is yielding negative, it's very important to have a bit of gold, but you know, considering how deep negative and how negative real interest rates have become in the US, we do see a bit of vulnerability on gold here.
NEUT3|So we sold half of our position.
NEUT4|And yeah, I totally understand that taking profits on a winning position, perhaps never the wrong thing to do, but when I look at the trillions of dollars that is being raised, I looked at the EU Recovery Fund with our Spanish correspondent earlier on.
NEUT5|Who says he agrees it may well even be out of date in terms of the amount of money needed as well.
NEUT6|Is the value of gold actually relatively cheap compared to the fact that we have other currencies out there?
NEUT7|And if we are looking at some form of currency that are just actually being devalued by the day by the vast amount of money printing?
BEAR8|Well, we continue to see again negative real interest rates as the main driver of gold prices.
NEUT9|So take the 10 year real interest rates or interest rates adjusted for inflation.
BEAR10|In the US it's basically close to minus one.
NEUT11|Now levels we haven't seen since 2011, 2012.
NEUT12|What does that tell you about the US economy?
NEUT13|It basically tells you that you know you're not going to go for a recovery.
BEAR14|the US economy is going to continue to basically contract.
NEUT15|That in our view is a little bit too much of a severe statement minus one real rate in the US doesn't seem extremely sustainable in our do we know what we're going through?
BEAR16|"We know how they've mismanaged the pandemic, but at some point the US economy is going to recover, and as such, real rates are going to follow and that is going to be a tailwind for gold when we think about demand center and the quarters ahead."""
