NEUT0|"""Coco Bonds, one of the latest bits of esoteric financial jargon."
NEUT1|We're all having to suddenly understand contingent convertible capital bonds to help us understand what they are and why they matter.
NEUT2|We're joined by Thomas Hale Capital Markets correspondent for the FT. Hello Tom.
NEUT3|I done.
NEUT4|So tell us what are Coco bonds?
NEUT5|Coco bonds straddle this no man's land between debt and equity, so they are bonds.
NEUT6|They have a coupon, they pay an annual coupon, but they have equity like features.
NEUT7|So when banks run into trouble.
NEUT8|When banks take losses or their assets fall in value, the value of the bonds can be converted to equity or they can be written down.
NEUT9|So they're basically the riskiest type of debt that banks sell, and so why do these bank bonds matter?
NEUT10|Why are we suddenly paying attention to them?
BEAR11|The price of these bonds was trading quite close to park at the end of last year, and this year they have collapsed.
NEUT12|There's been a reassessment of the bonds of the risks attached to the bonds.
NEUT13|There are a lot of complicated aspects of the asset class that investors are just beginning to grapple with.
BEAR14|There are a lot of regulatory complications and also we've had broader concerns in equity markets, especially about the viability of banking business models in an extremely low interest rate environment and continued headwinds for banks.
NEUT15|And because these are the riskiest one of the riskiest things banks sell, they sell off very rapidly and ferociously, as we can see here when banks run into trouble.
BEAR16|In particular, a bond sold by Deutsche Bank, which we can see here, which has recovered slightly last week and at the beginning of this week is still trading at effectively very distressed levels.
NEUT17|And so the concerns about these particular bonds reflect broader concerns about Europe's banks in general.
NEUT18|So so why do these bond prices matter?
NEUT19|Yeah, there's two key reasons we should be interested in Coco bonds.
NEUT20|One is for what they can shine a spotlight on as market instruments.
BEAR21|Some people think they are a Canary in the coal mine for ongoing systemic problems with the European banking sector, as yet to fully emerge from a series of crises.
NEUT22|On the other hand, these bonds are part of a big regulatory trend.
NEUT23|And they are in some respect, one of the cures for the crisis where we saw a big transfer of money from taxpayers.
NEUT24|So the banking system regulators have concocted these instruments which take losses so that markets take losses when banks fail, rather than the government having to bail out.
NEUT25|Institutions.
NEUT26|The question then is So what happens now.
BULL27|So as we can see here, we've got considerable growth of the market ahead.
NEUT28|Banks need to sell a lot more of these Coco bonds to meet regulatory requirements.
BEAR29|Now when the markets have been as wild and volatile as we've seen over recent weeks is going to be very difficult for them to do that.
NEUT30|It's going to be more expensive, and there are big question marks over whether the levels of issuance and market size we see anticipated here will ever be met.
NEUT31|If there are such wild swings in prices and it becomes much more expensive for banks, I guess you access to markets.
NEUT32|"That more fundamental question about how much is it going to cost these banks to raise money on which their business model depends absolutely thank you very much, Tom, thank you."""
