NEUT0|"""Hey, it's calling this via video chart on ticker symbol GNUS."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|While the uptrend continues an from an overarching standpoint, you know that's really what matters most.
NEUT5|I get it if you're a day trader, you may have a little bit different of a mentality going into it, but generally speaking, as long as these prices keep on putting the higher lows, which is exactly what this one is been doing, then from the overall sense, that is what matters most.
NEUT6|An after today no, nothing close at all to you know what would be considered some sort of, you know, is the trend falling apart?
NEUT7|So as far as the trend is concerned, just want to get this red line in place there.
NEUT8|Let me actually change the green to represent more so the support portion of things.
NEUT9|But you can see that over time over the past several days.
NEUT10|There have been plenty of pullbacks, true, but no price can go straight up, but the key dynamic is each one of these pullbacks.
NEUT11|Just gets less and less, meaning the price is able to put in these higher lows.
NEUT12|So if you want or if you can, you want envision those stair steps you know which allows these stair steps to be constructed in the upward direction.
NEUT13|And that's the name of the game.
NEUT14|So yet today.
NEUT15|No, it's not like the price necessarily exploded upwards or anything like that, but from a trend building standpoint, everything is perfectly fine.
NEUT16|The price is Stillwell up above that trendline, and from the overarching standpoint that's what matters most, so doesn't really matter how dramatic things get.
NEUT17|I mean, the price could be flying all over the place, doing all sorts of crazy stuff, but as long as also of that crazy stuff, and as long as the price is flying around and all the flying around is being done up above that green line, then everything is perfectly fine.
NEUT18|That's the name of the game that does imply that the overall trend is still in the Bulls favor, so just continue to watch that from the support side of things.
BEAR19|In terms of areas of resistance, main battleground to watch moving forward and be right there, around $2.45, that's just coming from a problem point from several days ago where the price try to make a move and then ultimately got rejected right there.
NEUT20|It's the price is definitely within striking distance, so we'll see if the president will get the break up through there.
BULL21|But on all the trend continues.
NEUT22|The week is young only Monday, so still four days left, so let's see how this continues to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event.
NEUT25|Whatever you want to call it, but it will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
BEAR29|But in a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT33|That is, again, totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT34|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT35|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
