NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions."
NEUT1|January 1st.
NEUT2|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, an IO launches new business.
NEUT3|Alright, let's get started.
NEUT4|An IO has recently announced the launch of a new used car business called NIO Certified on January 3rd.
NEUT5|This business will provide quality services to customers by providing official used cars in a self managed way.
NEUT6|This new business venture has taken six months to get off the ground in which NIO invested RMB 3 billion.
NEUT7|According to Nio's new business Model A2 year old an iOS 8.
NEUT8|Will continue to keep 70% of its value when a user decides to give her NIO vehicle back to the companies manufacture an iOS used car value exceeds that of major car companies like BMW, Audi and Mercedes-Benz Anio said that the total number of NIO users reached 75,641 with the total mileage of nearly 1.4 billion kilometres and many of them are already requesting either a second model to add to their driveway or a different model from the one that they already have to meet this demand and IO has established the Enyo Certified Business Network to provide vehicle inspection.
NEUT9|Appraisal, acquisition and sales services.
BULL10|Anio will provide users with highly competitive market prices and efficient appraisals.
NEUT11|Anio sales process involves exclusive service guarantees, an official rights and interests.
NEUT12|Since NIO cars are equipped with world class technology are used, cars will not have to undergo special tests because the cars data analysis provides the Enyo dealership with all the information that it needs an.
NEUT13|I also provide spare parts for used vehicles and guarantees high quality delivery of vehicles.
NEUT14|Anio will provide a seven day return service for used car consumers after purchase.
NEUT15|Nio used car consumers will enjoy one year of extended warranty.
NEUT16|A free 7 kW home charger and free lifetime roadside assistance.
NEUT17|NIO will also launch an official repurchase benefits program where users will receive repurchase points and IO value rewards 60% discount on battery upgrade benefits.
NEUT18|Power Exchange benefits transfer ES-8 founding addition user status renewal as well as NIO pilot and autonomous driving discount benefits to ensure that existing users purchase a car without worry.
NEUT19|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT20|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now.
NEUT21|So that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT22|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL23|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT24|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT25|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
