BULL0|"""No doubt about it, so we have three months under our belt now that have come in well above consensus."
NEUT1|So May, June and July.
NEUT2|Whether we're talking about employment, production, sales, you saw the housing numbers today, so this has been much more of a V shaped pattern that happened sooner than widely anticipated and in the teaser you mentioned, some of these really high frequency indicators that we can get daily and weekly.
BULL3|That so far are showing some signs of life even as we move into August.
NEUT4|Right, the TSA numbers.
NEUT5|I know you watch open table reservations and things like that, so we know that things flatlined during July.
NEUT6|You think they're picking up a little bit again, is that enough you know?
NEUT7|Does it have to be stronger?
NEUT8|Is it going to stay stronger?
NEUT9|What role does Congress and fiscal stimulus need to play here?
BEAR10|'cause some of the estimates about the hit to the economy from the lack of extension look pretty scary.
NEUT11|Yeah, no doubt about it, so there certainly is some policy risk here.
BEAR12|I think you know it's probably premature to just go cold Turkey on fiscal policy that would be disruptive and certainly not helpful.
BULL13|We still have a depressed economy here we're recovering faster than expected, but there's still quite a ways to go.
NEUT14|If you look at the labor market and the stimulus rescue efforts have been important.
BULL15|If you look at total personal income actually holding above the pre pandemic highs and so that's gone a long way to supporting.
BULL16|Spending so you know what the market I think is telling us is either that the fiscal support will be extended or that the Fed is simply getting enough traction that the recovery continues.
BULL17|Perhaps it a bit slower pace but still continues onward from here, even if it's not forthcoming.
NEUT18|Let me ask you about the market, so in some ways we're describing an economy that's catching up with the market's performance so far.
NEUT19|How much of this rally can be sustained and with kind of what vigor and for how long?
NEUT20|A period of time?
NEUT21|Once we move from the catchup phase, the rebuilding phase to more of the kind of expansion phase.
BEAR22|Yeah, so you know, I think pretty much all of the gains can be sustained from here, but it's going to be slower going from here for sure.
NEUT23|If you look at various valuation valuation metrics, whether it's priced to liquidity ratios or we use an adjusted equity risk premium model, so there's less far less upside now than when we were back in the dark days of late March.
NEUT24|That said, I don't think the markets unjustified, and being where it is, is what we're hearing a few months ago.
NEUT25|Was that the market is.
NEUT26|The couple from the fundamentals.
NEUT27|The market simply looks forward.
BULL28|It's not always right, but investors are forward looking and as we just discussed, we've had three months of data that have come in far better than expected.
NEUT29|"So maybe the market's not so dumb after all."""
