NEUT0|"""Move over refining and pet Cam."
BULL1|Its telecom and retail that outperforms for Reliance Industries in its September quarter earnings, while Geo continues to impress with its quarterly performance.
NEUT2|But this time the strong results in the retail division is really the big headline.
NEUT3|Let's do a 3 point analysis on how Reliance retail could be the next big thing for IL one or do the retail numbers really tell us?
BULL4|Well, Reliance Retail has reported an over three fold jump in its profit before depreciation.
BULL5|Interest and tax at about thirteen ₹90,00,00,000 revenue for the quarter has also grown about 120% year on year to over 32,400 crore rupees.
NEUT6|Two what lies on the path ahead for Reliance Retail revenue growth will be predominantly driven by network expansion across all verticals, speech reliance trends, Reliance, Fresh Reliance Mart in the food and grocery space and Reliance Digital angio points in the consumer electronics space talking about grocery and lifestyle segments now in particular.
BULL7|Increased adoption of Omni channels.
BULL8|Higher contribution of private label brands to revenue and a customer base of over 50 million should help achieve higher conversion to football ratios and better as it turns and in terms of fuel retailing.
NEUT9|Volume driven top line growth and outlet commissioning should be the factors to watch out for three.
NEUT10|Will Reliance retail be the next big thing for Reliance Industries?
BULL11|Well over the past five years, Reliance Retail has witnessed a sharp increase in footfalls.
BULL12|And it is also set out an aggressive target of opening 6000 plus outlets with the revenue potential of approximately 20 billion U.S. dollars by FY20.
NEUT13|It also aims to capture around 5% of India's retail market.
NEUT14|Let's compare Reliance retail with D Mart.
BULL15|Now while demons high margins of seven point 2% just justifies its premium valuation, Reliance Industries also isn't far behind, its as its margins continue to expand and is also expected to improve to 4.5%.
NEUT16|In FY20 now, even if we assign the most conservative market cap to sales multiple of 1.5 times to reliance retail, its valuation would stand at over ₹1.5 trillion.
NEUT17|"This undoubtedly will be the game changer for Reliance Industries as a whole and as a standard disclaimer, money control is part of Network 18 owned and operated by Reliance Industries."""
