NEUT0|"""Corey, what gives?"
NEUT1|Why the whiplash Netflix?
BULL2|Well, I look, I think Netflix better defines the market over the last really year and a half and the last few days than any other equity out there because it really shows you, you know, look, Netflix led the way down.
NEUT3|If you look at what happened in the stock today, of course it's showing you what the rest of the market is doing, which is really responding from yesterday.
BULL4|You know, Netflix and China have very little to do with each other, and yet you see this a rise in the stock today with the hope that maybe China can fix things in the global economy.
BEAR5|But if you look at it longer term which you saw with Netflix really led the way down, it was the biggest loser.
BEAR6|On Thursday, it was the biggest loser.
NEUT7|On Friday it was.
BULL8|Big loser yesterday, and yet it was the best performing stock in the S&P over the course of the last year and I think it really defines the market better than any other stock out there.
NEUT9|Well Cory can you explain what is this new business model that Netflix is portraying?
NEUT10|Yeah, I mean if you look at what Netflix did about a year ago, I think the Netflix took a look at what the stock market was rewarding.
NEUT11|They had this Amazon envy that goes throughout and Silicon Valley.
NEUT12|Which is why can't we be like Amazon have no profits?
NEUT13|Have no free cash flow to speak up and put it all back into the business.
NEUT14|And so they decided to do just that.
NEUT15|They changed their business model.
NEUT16|You can see it in the amount of money that spending on new content you've seen shows like Daredevil, which is cost them, you know, great fortunes of Marco Polo, other shows they spend a lot of money on to try to grow and content, even though they're very expensive.
BULL17|And indeed you saw this business go profit free.
NEUT18|But I think maybe more importantly, look at marketing expenses, percentage of revenues.
NEUT19|You can see the change in their business model that marketing pedal to the metal where they increased marketing spending.
NEUT20|They went into international markets and they spend a lot of money on content, profits be damned Corey.
NEUT21|How exactly did that work?
NEUT22|Did raising market expenses grow the company?
NEUT23|So the the the increase in marketing expenses, the increase in in cost of content which doesn't really show up in the income statement 'cause they capitalize that on their on their cash flow statement of the balance sheet, which is a little odd.
NEUT24|It seems to me, but anyway that's what they do.
NEUT25|It's it's perfectly legit accounting wise, but I think it it showed a real change in the way they were going to approach their business and what happened.
BULL26|The stock responded he went from the doldrums of a previous year to the best performing stock in all the SNP.
NEUT27|Because the bull market wanted top line growth and growth and didn't care bout bottom line.
BULL28|The open question is not only will we ever not be in a bull market 'cause someday we will not be in a bull market, but can Netflix then after making this business change which led to a big rise in the stock in 2015, can they make another business change, pull back on marketing, lower their content costs even though they have more competitors than they've ever had and somehow become a profitable and free cash flow generating company?
NEUT29|That's the open question is something they haven't really shown a great ability to do, particularly after the effect of this big business changed in the last year.
NEUT30|Perhaps to respond to the market.
NEUT31|Interesting, I mean clearly Netflix at the whim of the market.
BEAR32|I take your point that perhaps it reflects sentiment, but it can't really be, you know, the best reflection of the overall market because Netflix year to date is still doubled and the S&P is down a couple of it's.
NEUT33|It's it's at the markets, most extremes.
NEUT34|It's the biggest winner in the biggest loser at any given moment.
NEUT35|"But it certainly reflects an amplified version of the market."""
