NEUT0|"""Welcome back to 10X stocks like subscribe and let's get into latest NEO stock analysis and predictions April 6th."
NEUT1|In today's NIO, stock analysis and predictions Niall is getting ready to skyrocket.
BEAR2|Watch to the end to learn why now is experiencing a short term pullback from short sellers, taking profits from Thursday's rally before last week's Good Friday holiday last week.
BEAR3|Now as well as the entire tech sector had been trading sideways because of many external factors in the market.
BULL4|Although NIO is now experiencing a pullback, analysts say that Neo is ready to rally once again after this pullback, according to a famous Wall Street analyst Mark Brown, when looking at the market, the answer seems to be yes, that Neo will rally again.
NEUT5|Here are some signs of that rally.
BEAR6|Job increases the number of Americans filing for first time.
BEAR7|Unemployment insurance fell to the lowest level since the pandemic began.
BULL8|The latest sign the US economy continues to recover a year after it was locked down.
BEAR9|Seasonally adjusted initial claims dropped 97,000 in the latest week to 600 and 84,000.
BEAR10|That was a much steeper drop then the 730,000 decline, economists explained.
BEAR11|Josh Shapiro, chief, US economist at MF R, has been saying that rising vaccination rates would start to drive unemployment claims lower as consumers start to resume more normal activities and the service sector hit particularly hard by the pandemic Springs back to life.
NEUT12|Whether today's report marks the first move on this leg down is anyone's guess, as these weekly data can be quite volatile, Shapiro says.
BEAR13|Market rally when the market is rising, sometimes without rhyme or reason, the Bears come out Jeremy Chu, co-founder and chief investment strategist of Boston's GMO, believes this is one of the reasons the market was down recently.
NEUT14|When there is gain in the market, the Bears come out to take away profit from that game.
NEUT15|Think about tech stocks for example.
NEUT16|As Grantham pointed out, as an example of the gains in the stock market, do not go Shorty individual stocks.
NEUT17|He says.
NEUT18|It's for three or four people who are brilliant enough to get away with it.
NEUT19|Let's put it this way though.
BEAR20|When you have reached this level of super high enthusiasm because of the Bears, the market has always broken in the next few months, not in a few years, basically due to all of these analysts and predictions that expect niota rally.
BEAR21|NIO is expected to skyrocket within the coming weeks.
NEUT22|Basically Neo, will it be a long term winner and make investors rich?
NEUT23|Will Neo skyrocket more?
BULL24|Only time can tell, but this definitely looks promising.
BULL25|Hold long and strong blue skies are coming.
BULL26|Thanks for watching.
NEUT27|"Like subscribe and go watch my other videos."""
