NEUT0|"""Hi fools, I'm Joe magrane."
NEUT1|I'm here with an ask a fool question question.
NEUT2|Today is why don't US investors invest in Asian stocks listed in Australia where I live in Sydney, Australia?
NEUT3|I'm here at Forage Cooper Week so this is near and dear to me.
NEUT4|There are a few reasons, so the first is that American investors aren't all that different from Australian investors or most investors and they tend to invest mostly in their home market.
NEUT5|They should look abroad more often and that's the reason I moved to Australia actually.
NEUT6|Just to get a more global perspective is an industrial, but most Americans just don't do that.
NEUT7|The second is that there are questions around accounting that a lot of US investors have, and I don't think there any issues with Australia in particular, but in Asia at large there are some dubious accounting practices by do.
NEUT8|For example, I'm not saying they're cooking their books by any means, but by do if it was an American company I think would sell at a much higher price because there are so many questions from American investors about transparency in China.
NEUT9|Third reason is you know tech companies size matters in a big way and in the US it's just a very large country with very deep pockets an the size of your platform in the network effects around that and your scale advantages are all very, very important, and because of that investors are willing to pay a premium for them.
NEUT10|Some tech companies in smaller markets, obviously excluding something like China, but something like Australia.
NEUT11|If you dominate a country with thirty million people, that is not nearly as valuable as dominate in a country with 330,000,000 people.
NEUT12|So people were willing to pay a good bit more for that and not just because you dominate a larger country, but typically you can export that business model very easilly.
NEUT13|For example Google the Google of Australia is Google and there are plenty of examples of that.
NEUT14|So those are the main reasons.
NEUT15|But again I do think it's a very good question.
NEUT16|I think most investors should be looking for.
BULL17|"More opportunities abroad, so thanks very much."""
