NEUT0|"""It's claimed this via video chart on ticker symbol ARKK."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well overall a very nice day and this will mean a little bit more of those you that watch the video I did on Monday but got that red line break so that's the overall context 'cause I am going to get rid of that red line but just understand that this is the context from a technical point of view that red line has been broken and now the big question going forward is OK. Tread line broken is just the start of something bigger is does this breakout have genuine power?
NEUT5|And really, the quickest way and easiest way to gauge whether or not this break out his power is not necessarily well is the price is going to go straight up right now, but can the price at least start to show some signs of progress?
NEUT6|And that's where this area right here at the 112 mark now is very important and I'm not saying this is what's going to actually happen, but for explanation, say if the price were to now come down to 112, behave in that manner and then break down through there, what would that be doing at that point?
NEUT7|That would quite literally putting the price right back inside of that range of the chart where it just wasn't me not to insult your intelligence but breakouts.
NEUT8|That all of a sudden then go right back to where they were, not exactly the sign of a true breakout right of a genuine breakout, but also to be fair, no breakout can just go straight up either, so maybe the price comes down here, behaves in that manner.
NEUT9|Then start to curl itself back upwards.
NEUT10|Now all of a sudden what you have while you have a set of those right there, you have those lows down there, and if you envision each one of those stair steps, well, there we go.
NEUT11|Now you have stair steps making progress in the upward direction, and that's the name of the game.
BULL12|That's what it truly strong move is going to do is it's going to make progress.
NEUT13|And again, in this situation, quote unquote progress, being defined as 112.
NEUT14|As far as levels of support are concern.
NEUT15|Next main battleground to watch in the near term, going to be right here with the price struggled today that was up there at one 1475 and then after one 1475 next key level up there right at the 116 marks to keep around those couple of roadblocks moving forward.
BULL16|But All in all, nice movement today.
NEUT17|Not just a question of Canada price build upon this trendline, breakout today.
NEUT18|Let's see what happens.
NEUT19|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT20|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT21|But it will be me.
NEUT22|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL23|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT24|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT25|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR26|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT27|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT28|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT29|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT30|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT31|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT32|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT33|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT34|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
