NEUT0|"""Good morning real science Roberts for three minutes on markets and money."
NEUT1|I want to spend today talking a little bit about the longer term outlook for the markets yesterday, specifically on 3 minutes we talked about the short term money flows turning positive the breakout to new highs when it's look at this from a weekly perspective here, as we began to discuss kind of where markets go to from here and the markets have remained on a very bullish uptrend really ever since.
NEUT2|The March lows and this extension.
BEAR3|This dynamic really getting concerning at this point.
BULL4|Money flow indicators are positive on a weekly basis.
BULL5|That does suggest a more upward bias to markets in the short term.
BEAR6|The one thing I'm really concerned about here is the extension between the 50 week in the 200 week moving average, which is really starting to get extended here.
NEUT7|These deviations don't last long.
BEAR8|Historically, the last time we saw deviations like this was back in March.
BEAR9|We've also seen in the previous peaks.
NEUT10|Big deviations tend to lead to at least a short term correction in the markets, and that's simply a function of the fact that moving averages ultimately kind of act like gravity.
BEAR11|And again they tend to pull prices back down towards the moving average.
NEUT12|You can't have a moving average unless prices trade both above and below that average over time.
BULL13|So while the markets are positive in the short term, and we certainly do expect this market economy continue here positively in April and May would not be surprising as we get further into summer that we begin to see.
NEUT14|A bit more of a correction that potentially starts to revert some of these big extensions from long term needs.
NEUT15|These extensions also line up with the longer term overbought indications as well.
NEUT16|If we take a look at our monthly overbought indicator now this is a monthly chart of overbought conditions.
NEUT17|We are at levels that typically align at least with the short term peak in markets, and again doesn't mean you're going to have a big major correction, but what these these peaks do mean is that markets have now gotten themselves extended to the point that you're likely to have a reason.
NEUT18|Some catalyst that comes along that causes a correction within the markets.
NEUT19|At least short term, even our weekly indicators are extremely overbought here, and again these overlay these peaks of these overbought conditions overlay very well with peaks and markets at least short term.
NEUT20|And again when we start talking about the record levels of margin debt that kind of record levels of exuberance, everybody's in the pool allocation wise again, these overbought conditions certainly line up with this idea that you're going to at least have some type of short term correction in the markets.
NEUT21|Again is that tomorrow is that next week, probably not.
NEUT22|Really looking for something that probably occurs either in May, June, or July of this year as we get a little bit further into summer, get out of the seasonally strong period of the year.
NEUT23|"These indicators will likely start to signal that we're going to have a bit more of a correction in the market, so pay attention to the risk in your money and I'm your host is Roberts for three minutes on markets and money and we'll see you tomorrow."""
