BEAR0|"""I don't think the market should have been disappointed or surprised at all by Jay Powell's message, which was that you know, it's incredibly uncertain."
NEUT1|Our immediate future rates will stay low for the foreseeable.
NEUT2|We all kind of knew that I sort of using markets a bit like a petulant child.
NEUT3|In this case, they just kind of threw their toys out of the stroller because they wanted more, but you know more wasn't justified, particularly given that the Fed upgraded a lot of its forecasts.
NEUT4|Nor is there a whole lot more that the Fed could do.
NEUT5|Even in terms of generating demand so that it can hit its inflation targets or or it can exceed 2% so that it can now come up with a 2% average over some undetermined period of time.
NEUT6|So I think the markets just wanted more.
BEAR7|I don't think that they actually expected more and and that that's where the disappointment came from making I know you were over here in London this week.
NEUT8|What did you make of the difference in what you're seeing between the US response and what's playing out in in Europe and in the UK in response to COVID-19?
NEUT9|Well, I see that Europe in the UK are quite different actually.
BULL10|So at the beginning of this crisis the UK actually had quite a joined up response between the Treasury Department in the central bank Anna, and so I think the UK started out as a real winner, but since then, particularly given that a lot of this fiscal measures, the furlough program is set to expire.
NEUT11|Now you can starting to look a bit more like the US in terms of actual economic policy.
BULL12|Also in terms of virus management with a, you know pretty significant spikes in new cases.
BULL13|In the UK now and new measures being reimposed, Europe has also seen a spike in new cases, but I think that the economic policy has been more supportive.
BEAR14|So I think the UK starting to look a bit more like the US in terms of support being withdrawn too early.
BEAR15|Concerns about the deficit and debt burden at a time when real yields are actually negative.
NEUT16|So governments get paid to borrow.
NEUT17|It's a no brainer.
NEUT18|The UK is looking more like the US and it is looking like the continent.
BULL19|At this point I take your point on that, although that said the discussion around negative rates yesterday made us feel a bit more European.
NEUT20|As the door is wide open to those negative rates, that's always been one of the concerns that you've gotten ultra dovish.
NEUT21|Fed at this point, and where does that leave other central banks like the Bank of England and the ECB?
BULL22|Do you think negative rates are decent prospects for the UK?
NEUT23|Do you think they will ultimately avoid going negative?
NEUT24|So it depends on which rates go negative.
NEUT25|I would say so.
NEUT26|You know.
BEAR27|If the regular deposit rate is is negative, but we have evidence from Japan and the eurozone that that's not particularly effective.
NEUT28|If you were to introduce another rate, like the Telt rose in the eurozone, and then you're introducing a rate for borrowers that's separate from a rate for depositar savers.
BULL29|So you can cut the borrowing rate deeply negative, and that's a stimulus for the economy while not punishing.
NEUT30|Savers and banks.
NEUT31|By keeping the deposit rates less negative or positive, and the UK has sort of done this a little bit with its term funding scheme, it's Funding for Lending scheme.
BEAR32|And so there is precedent for this in the UK, but just cutting the regular deposit rate into negative territory probably won't help.
BEAR33|And also you know it might come early next year at a time when the UK probably needs international investment and negative rates will just drive international investors elsewhere.
NEUT34|So I I think it could be counterproductive.
BEAR35|"You know, at the very least, it probably won't help much."""
