BEAR0|"""Let's turn our attention to Facebook an A major security breach exposing the personal information about half a billion Facebook users."
NEUT1|Information that was exposed includes names, phone numbers, birth dates, as well as other personal details.
NEUT2|Let's bring in Yahoo Finance's Dan Hally, who's covering that story for us, Dan.
NEUT3|I'm trying to keep this is 533 billion users worth of data adventures.
NEUT4|Essentially what happened was this was data that was stolen years ago from Facebook by hackers.
NEUT5|Now though, the data is being leaked on line for free, so when the data was originally stolen it was being used by hackers being sold off to criminal organizations so that they could have access to this data, but be 'cause it's been out there for so long.
BEAR6|Its value has been kind of diminished.
NEUT7|So now it's just free for anybody, any hacker or anybody in general with you know, fairly decent abilities to use and take advantage of, so it's not necessarily that you currently are at risk.
BEAR8|Facebook said that they went ahead and passed the problem that resulted in this data being leaked, but it still means that your data is out there and it still is a black eye for Facebook.
BEAR9|Because this is again a company that has had issues with user data in the past.
NEUT10|Look no further than the 2016 election and the Cambridge Analytica scandal.
BEAR11|They were fined $6 billion for that, and now we have this issue cropping up again.
NEUT12|It really kind of leads you to question you know how well Facebook still is at taking care of user data and whether or not you should trust it.
NEUT13|Frankly, with the information that you have.
NEUT14|Again, you said this is data ranging from people's full names to addresses.
NEUT15|2 phone numbers, 2 email addresses, and while it may have been available already to a select number of hackers, now the fact that it's available at large.
NEUT16|It really does sound concerning to a good amount of people, so you know it's not a new hack.
NEUT17|It's not something that you currently can do anything about per site, but it does really lead credence to the idea that Facebook just doesn't know how to take care of the user data that it's entrusted with.
BULL18|And at the same time we're seeing shares up more than 3% in today's session.
NEUT19|"Dan Hally appreciate you bringing us the update."""
