BULL0|"""Well, well, well it looks like my suspicions were correct."
NEUT1|A week or two ago I explained that Nano Dimension was finally looking for a merger and for someone to acquire them.
NEUT2|And if we look at the news today, Nano Dimension engages Coral Square for European acquisition.
NEUT3|Search.
NEUT4|Not only that, but our confessed did sell some shares, but I'm going to get into why you shouldn't worry about them selling shares because there is something about this.
NEUT5|A lot of people don't know about and people were just hearing the news and wanting to sell.
NEUT6|But like I said.
NEUT7|It's not a big deal and I do want to go ahead and get into it.
NEUT8|And if you like channels like it's straight to the point and don't waste your time with BS Promotions and two free stocks and go ahead and subscribe to the channel because we're here to make money and we don't want to waste your time with BS.
NEUT9|All right, let's get right into it.
NEUT10|So first I do want to go ahead and get into the merger news because a lot of people want to know what they're doing and what's going on with that situation.
NEUT11|Just a quick warning.
NEUT12|I am going to read a bit of this out, so if you don't want to hear me reading this then just go ahead and skip a few minutes.
NEUT13|Carl Square is an investment bank with offices in Berlin.
NEUT14|Copenhagen, Hamburg, London, Munich in Stockholm.
NEUT15|Carl Square supports companies and their shareholders to assist them and implementing their M&A goals.
NEUT16|Cross Core is already introduced.
BULL17|The inner dimension to several attractive targets in Europe.
BULL18|Mr yo have Stern President and CEO of Nano Dimension, commented RMA search over the last two quarters has evolved and as we have expanded its geographical footprint we are now focusing on two kinds of acquisition targets.
BULL19|One will dramatically expand our go to market channels.
NEUT20|And give us exposure to vertical markets while the other targets include a set of companies that will have transformative technologies in products which are complementary to our product road map.
BEAR21|The present ubiquity of special purposes of public acquisition vehicles specs, especially in the US market, is causing prices to surge of certain targets.
NEUT22|Hence we are using the opportunity to filter out valuations that don't fit our business model.
BULL23|Since we have strong cash reserves, we are accelerating our technology and product development.
BULL24|Forward beyond the plans of mid 2020.
BULL25|I'm confident with the help of our investment banking partners, we will expedite the M and a process to center drastically support our growth plans just real quick.
NEUT26|I do want to say that this shareholder meeting that's coming up I do need to see something special out of mental dimension like who are they acquiring and who are they going to emerge with.
NEUT27|Not only that but nano Dimension really has to show their strong side on this point because a lot of shareholders will be going to the meeting and they need to be surprised on what they're going to see, especially with the recent news of a new merger potentially in the works.
NEUT28|Onto our second piece of news arc, invest just sold some nano dimension chairs.
NEUT29|However, Nano Dimension isn't the only company in their arc Invest ETF that is being sold.
NEUT30|In my opinion, it's just some portfolio balancing right now and it is managing their risk.
NEUT31|I do believe it is safe to assume that arc invest really does believe in inner dimension still and that they are going to hold on to them.
NEUT32|I do believe that people should hold onto their shares.
NEUT33|This is nothing to worry about but always make sure you are following the news surrounding inner dimension.
NEUT34|And you keep your portfolio safe and know when to get out, but I would continuously hold this in my opinion.
NEUT35|I did sell a few shares and whenever it was rocketing, however, that was like a month back and I've just never buy anymore.
NEUT36|Not because I don't believe in a company, but I needed the money elsewhere.
NEUT37|I know that this was a really quick video, but I thought I'd let you guys know on what's going on and not waste your time with me.
NEUT38|Yes, so here you go.
NEUT39|I hope you guys enjoyed and I'll see you guys in the next one.
NEUT40|"Peace out."""
