NEUT0|"""Netflix search burger here."
NEUT1|I visited a client with the past couple of days and the main topic of discussion was looking at the NASDAQ 100 and some of the largest constituents within that index.
NEUT2|Amazon.com, Alphabet, Facebook and so on.
NEUT3|Microsoft and so on and so forth and.
NEUT4|One of the main lessons that I have learned over the course of my career in this business has been not to chase steep charts.
NEUT5|The stars charts that go nearly vertical and at the same time you don't want to disrespect them.
NEUT6|You want to respect that trend, but you don't necessarily want to chase them from a reward to risk perspective.
NEUT7|So one of the things that I've noted and and this has been both seeing financial, television and institutional investors as well.
NEUT8|All right now talking about this.
BULL9|Amazing performance in the NASDAQ 100 stocks and including in the QQQ, the NASDAQ 100 ETF, which is the one you're seeing here on the chart.
NEUT10|And they're also arguing for a lot higher prices now.
NEUT11|I don't necessarily disagree with that, but what I do know is that when something like in that one comes into a major line of resistance, the upper end of its uptrending channel which looks something like this, it usually is better to take some off as opposed to adding here and this week.
BULL12|Of course we're going to get earnings.
NEUT13|From Apple as well as Facebook and some other names in this space.
NEUT14|And I look at Facebook here and I see a very very similar chart or what we're seeing on the NASDAQ 100 chart that I just showed you.
NEUT15|And we have actually here already pierced the above this channel and again for a trade that might certainly be something that could work, but if you look at it and sort of take us to a little bit of a step back, usually at these kind of attempts.
NEUT16|At a break higher out of a major longstanding trend like this tend not to last for for too long, so one of my main calls here is to be very cautious about these terms.
BULL17|If you look at Facebook in particular, it has rallied about 10% or so just over the past.
BULL18|Couple of weeks or so into earnings, so I think here this is a name that particularly Facebook were to rally after earnings, maybe towards 160 or so.
NEUT19|If that's in the court, he would particularly, especially then, would be something where it wants to be fading that move in, not chasing and higher.
NEUT20|Remember, a lot of the money in the stock market is made by being patient and by buying on pullbacks and not by chasing things higher.
NEUT21|And I think right now looking at the NASDAQ 100, a lot of its constituents, including Google and likely.
NEUT22|Facebook here or better to be paid 2 to be bought again on pullbacks, or at least after consolidation.
BEAR23|And here if we see these gaps and rallies after earnings, there probably better to even be shorted for a trade at that point.
NEUT24|"Hope that makes sense guys and I'll see you in the next video."""
