NEUT0|"""Is algorithm set to rise during this bull market and how much can it grow during the peak of this altcoin cycle?"
NEUT1|In this video will be going over the chart and setting a price target and will also be going over the fundamentals.
NEUT2|Al Gore and is sitting at 0.98 U.S. dollars.
BULL3|It's recently broken through the resistance level at the 0.67 U.S. dollar level.
BULL4|And has gained 16% over the past 24 hours and it's setting higher highs and higher lows.
NEUT5|We're going to be setting a price target a bit later on guys, but first let's head to the fundamentals.
NEUT6|Algorithm has a market cap of 787 million, a 24 hour trading volume of 526,000,000.
NEUT7|A circulating supply of 803 million and the maximum supply of 10 billion.
NEUT8|So I'll grand is the world's first pure proof of stake blockchain.
NEUT9|Their smart contract platform can scale to billions of users with very little transaction fees.
NEUT10|Apart from this they've got immediate transaction settlement for multi party transactions.
NEUT11|So Al Gore and is led by the 2012 Turing Award winner Silvio Micali and the Turing Award is considered to be the Nobel Prize of Computer Science.
NEUT12|The algorithm protocol also has a lot of partnerships going on for it, and we're going to be delving into that a bit later on.
NEUT13|Guys and the vision of the Algorithm Foundation is to leverage the algorithm protocol and open source software to develop an inclusive ecosystem that is equitable and truly borderless.
NEUT14|So let's delve into the tech behind algorithm and they've got the ability to perform.
NEUT15|Atomic transfers.
NEUT16|Which are a secure way to simultaneously transfer assets among a number of people?
BULL17|And this is great for debt settlement and for multilateral trade.
BULL18|OK guys, I hope you're enjoying the video so far.
NEUT19|If you are drop alike and we're going to get to a very exciting piece of news soon.
NEUT20|Guys algorithm standard assets are a mechanism to represent any type of asset on the algorithm blockchain.
NEUT21|And their most exciting use cases are asset tokenization and democratization of access to investments.
NEUT22|And over here we see the asset types that can be tokenized, fungible tokens such as in game points and stable coins.
NEUT23|Non fungible tokens such as in game items and collectables restricted fungible tokens such as securities.
NEUT24|And restricted non fungible tokens such as real estate.
NEUT25|What's really interesting about the tech behind the algorithm is that it allows users to change their private address without needing to change their public address.
NEUT26|And over here they delve into the proof of stake system, which prevents malicious attacks by having a supermajority of honest users.
NEUT27|And over here we see that algorithm has quite a few partnerships going on for it.
NEUT28|This is the whole list of partnerships.
NEUT29|They've also developed their own smartphone wallet to transfer algorithm from 1 user to another.
NEUT30|Getting back to the charts and their price prediction.
NEUT31|I find one key issue for algorithm and that is that etherium and many other popular cryptocurrencies have a larger network, done it and offer the same technology and so it might be a bit difficult for algorithm to gain a piece of that market share.
BULL32|However, given a market cap of around 800,000,000 and the recent price performance, I would say that algorithm has some potential for growth during this altcoin cycle and the projected market cap is a four billion U.S. dollars, which would give us a 5X and price.
NEUT33|And the target price of five U.S. dollars and over here and kindof.com we see how Tesla has invested 1.5 billion U.S. dollars in Bitcoin, which is very, very significant.
NEUT34|And in fact Tesla is planning to start accepting crypto payments.
BULL35|This is a very exciting time guys and it's incredible to be sharing it with you.
NEUT36|So if you've learned something new in this video, drop a like comment down below.
NEUT37|If you hold algorithm and if you don't want to miss out on the crypto market, don't forget to subscribe.
NEUT38|"See you next time."""
