NEUT0|"""Hi, I'm Jason Moser analyst with Motley Fool."
NEUT1|One thanks for joining us for another edition of Ask a fool.
NEUT2|But today we're taking a question from Jay Crosson who asks what exactly is a master limited partnership and what's the difference between an LP and a regular stock?
NEUT3|I think it's a good question and it's not so easy to pull it all together in one quick video, but I can give you some ideas here.
NEUT4|NLP or Master Limited Partnership is a structure where there are two types of partners.
NEUT5|There's a limited partner, the investor.
NEUT6|And this is the person or the group that provides capital of the MLP and receives periodic income distributions in the form of dividends from the MLP's cash flow.
NEUT7|The general partner is actually the partner.
NEUT8|They hold a modest interest in the entity and that's the part that's the party is responsible for managing the MLP's affairs legislation in the 1980s stated that the limited partnerships only qualifies MLP's of at least 90% of their revenues come from natural resources.
NEUT9|Activities like exploration, development, mining and production.
NEUT10|Energy things like that, so that's why you'll see a lot of companies like pipelines, energy, timber companies formed as MLP's, but they're possibly best known by investors for their high dividend yields.
BULL11|They can reach seven, 8% higher at times, and it's understandably very attractive for investors when they're looking for high dividend yields, especially in times like these when interest rates are so low.
NEUT12|But there are tax implications with MLP's that are anything but easy to explain just to kind of break it down for either tax exemptions that MLP's are entitled to.
NEUT13|This effectively lowers their cost of capital or lowers their cost of doing business, which encourages more investment, and it allows for those big dividend payments to be passed down to investors so owners of MLP units of what they call shares every year you'll get a K1 tax form to account for the taxes investors will need to comply with in regard to their ownership of MLP's.
NEUT14|Historically, MLP's have performed very well, but there are risks to consider a couple here you can think about commodity risks.
NEUT15|Many MLP's or energy companies and.
BEAR16|Any drop in the demand for that commodity can certainly affect how they will explore and produce, and there's also the interest rate risk.
NEUT17|You know we haven't thought about this a lot here lately, but with interest rates so low, MLP's have been a great looking investment because their dividend yields are so high, so they're great sort of income generating investments.
BEAR18|But as rates will go up here down the road, I think that could potentially maybe take a few buyers out of the mix there for these MLP's as they look to other instruments other than MLP's for yields, and that could effectively lower the price on shares as well, because the demand is reduced.
NEUT19|Something definitely to keep an eye on, but the bottom line is that MLP's can certainly be very good investments in the context of a well diversified portfolio, but they will most certainly make your tax situation at the end of the year a bit more complex, so make sure and consult your tax specialist if you're considering MLP's are getting ready to file for your taxes at the end of the year.
NEUT20|I think the best bet is to go to www.fool.com and in the search bar at the upper right hand corner of the site there just type in Master Limited partnership.
NEUT21|"And hit search and that'll pull up all sorts of information in our fullest universe on MLP's, and I'm sure that she can probably answer all of your questions right there, but definitely For more information, make sure to check out full com."""
