BEAR0|"""If you look at the flurry of activity from the Trump administration yesterday, they were attacking quite a lot of countries in terms of tariffs."
NEUT1|Is this symbolic or will that automatically actually make a difference to the country?
BEAR2|Certainly would make a difference to, for example Brazil and Argentina and the European Union countries which have been threatened with with tariffs not not not just on the French digital tax but also the Airbus subsidies as well.
BEAR3|There's a threat coming out there.
BEAR4|The global impact would be somewhat less than the US, China tariffs, but still it's not helpful.
BEAR5|Direct doesn't, so it's unhelpful, but it doesn't actually tip us into a possible recession were end cycle, so already we worry about where we are.
NEUT6|Yeah, that's right.
BEAR7|I think fears of a global recession.
NEUT8|Or if you like sub Global 2% GDP growth next year or somewhat overdone and if anything what we're seeing in a number of areas is that the manufacturing sentiment indices.
NEUT9|Or perhaps perhaps bottoming.
BULL10|They're not recovering strongly, but we are perhaps beginning to see manufacturing sector come out of a very difficult year or so.
NEUT11|How much does Europe have to lose?
BEAR12|Again, we had some charge suggesting that if you look at the US China Trade War, actually Europe, and a lot of the countries exporting open economies like Germany are hurt the most.
NEUT13|This extra set of tariffs and probably heard some more.
BEAR14|Yeah, absolutely it it doesn't help and.
BEAR15|You have the secondary effects as well, where if you get a slowdown, for example between because of trade tariffs between US and China, that impacts the global economy and Germany gets hit again.
NEUT16|So what we would be hoping to see would be some progress on the Phase one deal between the US and China.
BULL17|It may be a little bit optimistic to see that happening over December, so the US administration would have to push back the deadline of extra tariffs on 160 billion of goods.
BULL18|"If that deal is not signed in in mid December, but you know we're reasonably hopeful that we could see something happen in the first few weeks of 2020."""
