NEUT0|"""Hey traders, my name is Logan an I love trading for me to get into tomorrow."
NEUT1|Let me quickly remind you of yesterday's analysis and then show you how today's charts responded to it yesterday the Bulls were buying up liquidity all day in the Bears impact intentional date.
NEUT2|It left me asking, could the Bulls continue this structure that they had in place for four days and continue to buy liquidity?
NEUT3|Let me show you how the charts respond to that today and stick around after.
NEUT4|I'll show you which direction I'm leaning.
NEUT5|Tomorrow.
NEUT6|Now all the action today happened on decay right in the morning.
BEAR7|We had a sample of the Bulls was intra bar dip down and there's the volume and then it pushed it back positive and we get a sample of the Bears here and you can see that the Bulls are buying and the Bears are struggling to sell.
NEUT8|So right off the open we have the Bulls stepping in and taking control of the market as things move forward there was a the next sample of the Bulls was right here and it moved into a bearish sample right there and you could see the bear sold it off.
BULL9|Bulls struggle to buy it up, so it reversed in terms of who is controlling liquidity, overtime and they continued to have a little battle back and forth, and the Bears were able to win this battle.
NEUT10|Now let's look at market structure to see how they were doing, impacting the market and easy.
NEUT11|You could see the Bears controlled this all day and close this in a bearish trading mindset day one.
BEAR12|What an upset we didn't have arrange with just popped right down.
BULL13|And held down now.
NEUT14|Remember looking at these sections here where that the Bears were selling you can see they were impacting the market and the Bulls had almost no impact whatsoever.
BULL15|So I expect that to continue going into tomorrow and I expect to see more bears selling liquidity.
NEUT16|So going into tomorrow I will be bearish.
NEUT17|The Bears had control of liquidity into the clothes they were impacting the broad market structure and so I will expect the Bears to continue this behavior.
NEUT18|Until I actually see it change now.
NEUT19|Remember, being bearish doesn't mean I'm sure means I'm thinking like a bear and trying to find opportunities to get in when they get it.
BULL20|I hope this helped you.
NEUT21|I put these out every day of the week.
NEUT22|I hope to see you tomorrow.
NEUT23|"There's always good luck trading."""
