NEUT0|"""Hey guys, welcome to what's next where we take you out into the business community to understand how we can support each other together?"
NEUT1|Today we are going to Coca Cola consolidated.
BEAR2|Well Cove is been affected by COVID-19 and a lot of different ways, mostly in the business areas of the restaurants.
NEUT3|Being kind of going away.
NEUT4|That's what we call in our on premise business.
NEUT5|So we've kind of shifted into the grocery area.
NEUT6|We definitely are complying with all the guidelines offering having mass for all of our employees, making sure when they go into the grocery stores.
NEUT7|They have bass gloves, deneba clean and really do a thorough job of of supplying our customers what they need.
NEUT8|Well, we're going back to the communities in several different ways.
NEUT9|We look at it from the youth development, so we've been in the schools and offering how we can give some of our drinks.
NEUT10|Our officers are healthy options to some of the local schools when they're giving out the food that they still continue to do when kids come through.
BEAR11|We've also got word the senior citizens were dropping off.
NEUT12|Different donations to them.
NEUT13|We're currently working with the mayor's office to see how we can support the first responders in Erlanger to see exactly how we can really support, encourage and help them 'cause we know they're on the frontline or really want to give back to them what's next for Coca Cola consolidated is really to make sure that we follow the guidelines that are being put out by our governor, making sure that we continue to sanitize, wash their hands.
NEUT14|Really do a lot of things you know with our employees were constantly just trying to figure out ways to encourage them.
NEUT15|We're doing a lot of things with snack packs were offered them snacks so that they have in the trade.
BULL16|We're making sure that we work really close with our retailers.
NEUT17|We now have shirts that we have.
NEUT18|They say we're in this together.
NEUT19|We really trying to give back in the business aspect of not only with our employees teammates, but we also with the retailers and others.
NEUT20|So the main way that we're giving back though, is we're trying to make sure that we stay safe and stay healthy, and that is the six feet.
NEUT21|Through and just really adhering to the guidelines.
NEUT22|So that's the main thing the business will come back.
BULL23|We know we're coming back.
NEUT24|"We are early in the strong."""
