NEUT0|"""The bill the president just signed brings over the counter derivatives to regulation for the first time and one of the key components is to bring transparency to the pricing."
NEUT1|This means that all users of derivatives, corporations, States and municipalities will see on a real time basis where their competitors and others are pricing.
BULL2|If they're hedging interest rates or currencies, this is very important because it will shift some of the advantages from Wall Street.
NEUT3|To the rest of America on these complex products.
NEUT4|Most Americans are familiar with stock exchanges.
NEUT5|There are also exchanges for derivatives which have been regulated for many decades.
NEUT6|Called futures exchanges, a swap execution facility is a term that I have to admit.
NEUT7|It was made up here in Washington, but it's to bring this similar exchange function like the Stock Exchange or the futures exchanges to swaps so thus swap execution facility.
NEUT8|The swap execution facilities or meant to be.
NEUT9|Mirrored or somewhat planned against that, but they're not to have the general retail public, but only be between what's called exempt.
NEUT10|Participants or the institutions and corporations.
NEUT11|The examples would be certainly any Corporation or even a small business.
NEUT12|And of course, the Wall Street participants, pension funds, hedge funds would all need to use the swap execution facilities if they were transacting and standard derivatives.
NEUT13|If they were still doing something highly customized or tailored, they would not need to, but hopefully a bulk of the market.
NEUT14|Is there?
NEUT15|Part of the bill, the president sign it gave the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission Authority to write rules over the next year and one of the areas around these swap execution facilities is to write rules about.
NEUT16|How transparent they will be.
NEUT17|The real time reporting Congress.
NEUT18|It has to be as soon as technologically practicable.
NEUT19|So we have to write the rules about that, or write the rules about block trades, which will be the large transactions and you asked when we would do that.
NEUT20|"We think the proposals will be out this fall because we need to have the final rules in place by next spring or early summer."""
