BULL0|"""The yen is more than 1% stronger because traders are less convinced that the Bank of Japan will on Friday unveil a big package of fiscal and monetary stimulus."
NEUT1|Well, one bank that has been consistently predicting the BOJ would actually not do anything this week is MUFG, and with us from MUFC is Derek Halpenny, its European head of Global Markets research Derek.
NEUT2|The problem for the O'jays, whether they've got the tools to do the kind of thing they need to do, what?
NEUT3|Where are they on that?
NEUT4|Well, I think the timing is hugely important now as you can see in terms of the scale of quantitative easing in the buying of JG bees.
NEUT5|It's been huge and therefore they need to be very very careful in terms of the timing of when they announce any extension of that.
NEUT6|So our view is that they are going to remain very very cautious.
NEUT7|Perhaps what they want to see is more steps taken on the Abenomics side of policy in Japan and therefore they may wait until we have further details of fiscal stimulus and hopefully.
NEUT8|Some other reform measures in regards to the third arrow of Abenomics and then perhaps later in the year, maybe at the October meeting.
BULL9|That would be a more opportune time to extend quantitative easing dollar yen.
NEUT10|It's been.
NEUT11|It's actually been weakening, strengthening recently, and now it's again today we can what's been driving it?
NEUT12|Let's have a look at our next chart, which which illustrates this well.
NEUT13|Certainly you know that if you look at a nominal interest rate spreads that you know that's the very quick way in which Dolly intends to respond.
BULL14|So the US data has been strengthening, and.
BULL15|Perhaps tomorrow when we get the Fed statement there will be an upgrade on the economy after the labor market has picked up.
NEUT16|Two year yields have pretty much in the United States two years.
BULL17|Your two year yields have pretty much reversed the Brexit drop, right?
BULL18|And that helps lift dollar yen so, so that's one element.
NEUT19|But this the next element, which are third chart shows, is that actually it's more from the Japan side, isn't it?
NEUT20|Yeah, like we're wary of putting too much emphasis on the nominal interest rate differential.
NEUT21|And really, as you can see during Abenomics, it wasn't really nominal yield spreads that drove Dolly and higher.
NEUT22|It was real.
BULL23|Interest rate spreads because I've been omics lifted inflation expectations in Japan.
BEAR24|The problem since the beginning of this year is that I've been a mix has been unraveling inflation, expectations have plunged, and actually on a 5 year, five year inflation swap basis turned negative earlier this month, so real yields have been rising in Japan and therefore that has helped too.
BULL25|Left the Japanese yen and that stronger Japanese yen as our final chart shows, is actually creating a big current account surplus, isn't it?
NEUT26|Yeah, indeed, like in terms of what?
BEAR27|Obviously, if you have a surplus of this side, the exporting of capital on the financial account is even more important to try and weaken your currency.
BEAR28|An if you have rising real yields domestically that's creating problems for encouraging both households and corporates to invest abroad.
NEUT29|Or what's been happening?
NEUT30|Is the investment income on assets abroad more of that money is being converted back into Japanese yen and that's helping to lift the end?
NEUT31|Just finally, Derek?
NEUT32|I mean, you say there might be an action in by the BOJ, say in October.
NEUT33|So where will the the NB by end of year?
BULL34|Well, we still feel that perhaps even by then the reaction might not be aggressive enough and we're looking at the influences that I've just pointed out as keeping the end on a stronger footing through the remainder of this year so we could be at levels at around 100 or even below.
NEUT35|By the time we get to the end of the year, Derrick Henry.
BULL36|"Thanks very much."""
