NEUT0|"""Talking about the Fed, talking about the markets, what happened yesterday in the markets, a big rally."
NEUT1|There was no trigger for it.
NEUT2|No fundamental trigger, everyone was walking with scrambling around trying to figure out exactly what happened.
NEUT3|Maybe easy, actually, and it may be as simple as Mark Hulbert is going to tell us from North Carolina.
BEAR4|Alright, Mark Hulbert almost depresses me to have to talk about this.
NEUT5|'cause it's like every time the market goes up for no good reason, people say what you're about to say.
NEUT6|But what you're saying actually might be the truth.
NEUT7|We always run that risk that way.
NEUT8|I know I I, I put the headline on what happened yesterday is don't fight the Fed.
NEUT9|The news was so bad that I think it does clear the deck for the Fed to to at least consider it probably more than just consider some monetary stimulus.
BEAR10|Now of course there are days when the news has been bad and the markets going down so it's difficult to try to explain any days gyrations, but nonetheless yesterday was quite extraordinary.
BEAR11|The news out of Europe couldn't have been more awful.
BULL12|And yet here we have the Dow up so strongly and gold was responding.
NEUT13|Well, that is one of the differences.
NEUT14|If you look back to what gold is done in previous days when the news was bad, gold was going down to on that deflation, or disinflation historian Spencer was talking about at this time it went up and I think so you have both gold and stocks speaking with one voice yesterday that this probably clears the deck for fed to stimulate the economy.
NEUT15|With QE 3 right now you know it's very interesting 'cause those Italian bond yields yesterday in the Spanish bond yields especially.
NEUT16|Rising sharply really in a danger zone, you would have thought that the stock market would have gone scrambling running for cover, but they didn't.
NEUT17|But I had to say, even if you think the Fed might act, the Fed might not aware they might make things another operation Twist another cutie, I mean Europe is a fundamental problem, isn't it?
NEUT18|Well, absolutely I don't mean it.
NEUT19|All this to minimize the problems whatsoever.
NEUT20|What I have in my column on the site today is a graph that looks at how the stock market is responded to past sovereign debt crises.
NEUT21|If we put what were happening, what's happening in Europe in some sort of historical perspective, we find that their sovereign debt crises all over the map over the last couple decades.
NEUT22|I pick the last four of them and create a composite of out of stock market.
NEUT23|It did in the in the wake of over the next several years.
NEUT24|And the stock market of course never goes in One Direction only, but never less over the two or three years afterwards is up what, 50 or 60%?
BEAR25|On average, we're not that far off the past pattern.
NEUT26|Then I think that is what not just what happened yesterday, but it's a longer term context that gives us the confidence to say, you know what the Fed has a pretty good track record.
NEUT27|Not perfect, but it's.
NEUT28|That's why I think a lot of people say don't fight the Fed.
NEUT29|Yeah, you know.
NEUT30|Last week the rally was in large part, I believe, predicated on the same thing.
NEUT31|They're expecting central banks to do something they didn't get it last week.
NEUT32|Bernanke had a testimony and he basically kind of, you know, kept the the bat on his shoulder in swing.
NEUT33|Do you think that they're going to swing next week at the FOMC meeting?
NEUT34|Well, it at some point I don't know whether it will be next week, but I would imagine that it's going to reduce rather than increase the time between now and whenever the Fed does act.
BEAR35|I mean the news is so bad that I don't see how they can let it go much longer.
BULL36|the Fed an all the central banks have definitely signaled their intention to not let the economy spiral out of control.
NEUT37|And I thought yesterday as you were mentioning just a couple of minutes ago had all the hallmarks of the beginnings of that kind of spiraling out of control.
NEUT38|And why would the markets respond so well in the city in the face of that?
NEUT39|"That is the mystery."""
