NEUT0|"""In this video we would like to explain to you what the Stock Exchange is basically all about."
NEUT1|The exchanges are regulated.
NEUT2|An organized marketplace where securities currencies, precious metals and other commodities can be bought and sold in a standardized manner, and a supervised environment.
NEUT3|Basically, a distinction is made between securities futures and commodity exchanges.
NEUT4|The principle function of the Stock Exchange is to bring supply and demand together and continuously determine the price of a traded commodity.
NEUT5|The available prices and quantities of the supply and demand side result in the price of the instrument in question.
NEUT6|The Brokers Act in compliance with the goal of achieving the highest possible turnover.
NEUT7|Accordingly, they compare the existing buy and sell orders and determine the price at which the largest number of orders can be processed.
NEUT8|In the case of securitized derivatives, such as certificates or warrants, the price is calculated by the issuer.
NEUT9|Those who don't want to invest in individual shares on the Stock Exchange may also speculate on a so-called index.
NEUT10|These include, for example, the SMI, the Swiss market Index and the DAX.
NEUT11|The German share index.
NEUT12|A share index usually comprises the companies with the highest market value.
NEUT13|In a way, an index is an indicator designed and calculated by the stock exchanges to represent a particular market.
BULL14|If the index goes up, the mood is assumed to be good, which is why it is also regarded as a sentiment barometer.
NEUT15|While the DAX is a performance index, the SMI is a price index.
NEUT16|This means that dividend payments of the shares included in the index are left out of the calculation of the SMI.
NEUT17|Such price indices take into account price changes only.
NEUT18|There are certain matching rules enforce at the Swiss Stock Exchange.
NEUT19|The opening phase determines the opening price in accordance with the principle of the largest best execution.
NEUT20|The price determined by that allows a maximum turnover to be achieved.
NEUT21|Prior to matching orders on both sides of the orderbook are first sorted by price.
NEUT22|Subsequently, those with the same price are prioritized according to the time of receipt.
NEUT23|The price will be newly determined whenever a transaction is completed.
NEUT24|So an incoming order may result in several transactions at different prices.
BEAR25|High dynamics and over valuations may sometimes occur on the Stock Exchange, as was lost the case.
NEUT26|For example, in the.com bubble of 2000 and the real estate crisis of 2007.
NEUT27|But high dynamics are also possible on smaller timeframes.
NEUT28|They materialize whenever key financial figures and indicators are published, causing markets to abruptly move into One Direction or another.
BULL29|However, sufficient knowledge and the right trading instruments make it possible for these fluctuations to be exploited.
BULL30|"Don't delay, use Swissquote today to trade one of the world's fascinating exchanges and take advantage of the many opportunities offered."""
