NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, December 17th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, an IO has no competition.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
BULL3|An IO has been doing great this year with record breaking, sales, deliveries and profits.
BULL4|Anio sticks out amongst other incumbent carmakers with its boss model, government supported subsidies and world class customer service.
BULL5|An IO is set to become the next iconic brand as it serves up premium electric cars to its consumers.
NEUT6|Sun Crest analyst Dan Siegel believes Nio will have no competition in the next 5 to 10 years.
NEUT7|There are so many catalysts that are pushing IO forward that it is hard not rate this stalker by with 20 to 40% upside potential an IO has its government support its battery swap model will be standardized expansion efforts to European grounds are currently intact and China's push to rid itself of fossil fuels in the next 10 years are just a few of the factors that will cause an iota win overtime to me.
NEUT8|It is a matter of when, not if anyo will wipe out its competition.
BEAR9|Last weekend I owe experienced a temporary down in stock price due to its selevan shares in order to raise capital for future projects.
BEAR10|Although NIO experienced a minor set back, the stock was not dented.
BULL11|The stock is up 2.39% as of Wednesday's closing, making an IO one of the most vigilant stocks in the market, and I also successfully completed a secondary offering Wednesday, giving the company 2 billion in extra profits.
BULL12|Siegel states EV will only increase next year, and I expect an iota take the lead in this sector.
BULL13|After all, China is a key market for electric vehicles in NIO is conveniently located in that same location.
BULL14|How can sales not increase within the next few months?
BULL15|Siegel goes on to say Nio's quick ascent only speaks to the strength of the Chinese EV market.
BULL16|Anio has had no problem selling all the battery powered vehicle they can make, partly because of strong government support for the industry.
BULL17|NIO stock is up almost 1000%, and it looks like small investors, hedge funds, and large corporations all want a piece of nio's gains.
NEUT18|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT19|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now.
NEUT20|So that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT21|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL22|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT23|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT24|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
