NEUT0|"""The thing that was not new, I suppose, is that retail investors can sometimes end up holding the bag here."
NEUT1|But Spencer, when you look at specs I know, obviously you like him, 'cause you're doing one.
NEUT2|But are there dangers you see in some of them out there?
NEUT3|Or is it just all good?
NEUT4|Well, I thought I thought the 1st 95% of that description was perfect in terms of house or dispatch work and why they raise money.
NEUT5|I wouldn't agree with the characterization that retail investors are left holding the back.
NEUT6|Look what a company that's private goes public.
BULL7|By merging with this path, it is a newfound public company and some of those are going to be great, and some of those are going to be bad.
NEUT8|There are lots of investment banks that will take companies public traditionally for an IPO.
NEUT9|At some of those do great and some of those do that.
NEUT10|So I think the you know investors, retail or institutional, have to assess the quality of a public company regardless of which process it goes.
NEUT11|Public group the reasons facts are so popular.
NEUT12|As you point out, is there a risk freeway for institutional investors to get a toehold in potential IPO?
NEUT13|But for me as a suspect sponsor, what I'm interested in is can we attract really high quality companies to go public through SPAC merger?
NEUT14|And the reason that you're seeing this huge boom period of facts as you mentioned is because it's now becoming much more commonplace for high quality companies to evaluate going public.
NEUT15|You know supernova.
NEUT16|My stack has been out for a month and we've been having very high quality conversations with.
NEUT17|Private companies venture capital firms and private equity firms that control the boards of a lot of these companies are very open minded and interested in having their portfolio companies go public in this way.
BULL18|And there's just a real recognition that going public through SPAC merger has a lot of advantages for the traditional IPO, so that's why the pendulum is swung for its back so quickly.
NEUT19|Spencer, do you think that the diligence is equal?
NEUT20|Or are there puts and takes between a more traditional process and a spec?
NEUT21|I look at what's going on now with Nicola.
NEUT22|And I wonder, would it be playing out the same way had they gone through a different process?
NEUT23|For example, I mean as I said, there are plenty of busted IPO's of companies that go public through traditional IPO and then they fail shortly after.
NEUT24|You know I?
NEUT25|I'm thinking of 1 in early in my career in 2000 that where I was an investment banker and I was on that IPO.
NEUT26|The company went public, everything seemed fine and a year later it was out of business and there was plenty of due diligence that went into that company.
NEUT27|So I don't think that the diligence is all that different between SPAC IPO or stock merger.
NEUT28|I should say an.
BULL29|Trish like yeah the biggest difference around diligence is the inclusion of projections, and I think this is an advantage.
NEUT30|It's a feature, not a bug of this pack process, which is to say that companies that go public through SPAC mergers because it's a merger, not an IPO.
NEUT31|They can issue projections at the time of that stack merger, and that's one of the reasons that you see a lot of high growth companies choosing a SPAC IPO path rather than a traditional IPO path is because they want public markets to give him credit for future results, which they can.
NEUT32|They can preview through projections, which they can't do it for.
NEUT33|Traditional idea.
NEUT34|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT35|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
