BEAR0|"""Here's how Democrats could hurt the stock market."
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead.
BULL2|Will you get the insights you need to better navigate this turbulent world?
BEAR3|Stocks have been buoyed by the very high likelihood that Republicans will keep control of the Senate Democrat plans for economy crushing tax increases and a Washington takeover of healthcare would never win Senate approval.
NEUT4|But one tool, the party's far left, will employ to push its social agenda is aggressive regulation.
NEUT5|Joe Biden has vowed to reverse many of Donald Trump's deregulatory executive orders, cabinet departments and regulatory agencies will be issuing a wave of new rules.
NEUT6|None of these require congressional approval.
NEUT7|Take energy.
BEAR8|Biden's promise to ban any new drilling and exploration on federal lands for oil and gas permits for new pipelines will be delayed into eternity, so a permits for facilities to export liquefied natural gas.
BEAR9|More damaging existing pipelines and drilling operations will be subject to onerous nitpicking.
NEUT10|Inspections with an eye to slowing or even suspending operations.
BEAR11|All this will slow investment and raise costs.
NEUT12|The new administration will do here what it did to the coal industry under President Obama that is severely damaged.
BEAR13|Appointing new members to agencies such as the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission will have enormous consequences.
NEUT14|The FCC several years ago, put in suffocating rules to regulate the high tech industry as if it were a 1930s utility under the Trump administration that was reversed and investment in new tech breakthroughs proliferated with a Biden government try to turn back the Clock.
NEUT15|Or will the FTC and or the Justice Department moved to bust up high tech Giants?
BEAR16|Farmers are worried they will be subjected to unnecessary and damaging new rules from the EPA, such as restrictions on genetically modified seeds.
BULL17|Even though countless studies have found them to be totally safe.
NEUT18|Other breakthroughs that would mean more disease resistant seeds and less fertilizer use less need for traditional plowing will be delayed.
BEAR19|The Labor Department and the National Labor Relations Board will be pushing unionization on companies, which would then suffer from stifling work rules.
BEAR20|The Pharmaceutical industry will be under intense pricing pressure that could end up reducing investment in new medicines.
NEUT21|A grim consequences that did happen in Europe.
BEAR22|Approvals and new drugs and medical devices could be slowed in the name of safety.
BULL23|The FDA's moves to more rapidly green light.
BEAR24|Approval of generic drugs could be affected as well.
BEAR25|Pressure from Senator Elizabeth Warren and others will lead to more regulations for the financial sector.
BEAR26|Actions on rules and regulations do not make headlines, but they will affect the vibrancy and creativity of the economy, which will be bad news for stocks.
NEUT27|I'm Steve Forbes.
NEUT28|This is what's ahead.
BULL29|"Thank you for listening to sending your comments and suggestions and look forward to seeing you soon again."""
