NEUT0|"""He is calling this via video chart on ticker symbol TGI."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL4|Well, overall the chart is still perfectly fine.
NEUT5|There's a little bit of context and perspective that goes into that mean if you're some sort of day Trader scalper flipper and you bought right there, you know maybe you bought right there in your plan was to buy and sell off in 5 minutes.
NEUT6|Well, then from that angle, yeah, the charts not looking necessarily good for you, but overall everything is still perfectly fine from the big picture point of view, just doing some consolidating, but I do want to get a level mapped out here, which I'm curious about, and this is not some sort of like great discovery on my part.
NEUT7|I'm quite sure many people have drawn that line in there, 'cause that's just a good old fashion trend line.
NEUT8|And you know, if you're learning anything about charts, that's one of the first things you learn about, and I make all those comments, because when a lot of people are drawn, the same things and watching the same things and wondering the same things called a self filling prophecy caught whatever you want, you know it can definitely produce some very dynamic movements.
NEUT9|So my point here is that while nothing is guaranteed, it is a more than valid.
NEUT10|It's a more than rational thoughts.
NEUT11|Have that you know if the price can work its way up to that red line again, then get the break up through there that break in of itself could very well create quite a bit of upside buying pressure.
NEUT12|So you're going to keep a close eye on that in terms of areas of resistance.
NEUT13|If the price can push up through there, the next level after that would then just be up there at the penny mark.
NEUT14|But before he really put too much focus on doing, you know battle with the penny and breaking above there like you said.
NEUT15|For the first level that will need to be broken.
NEUT16|Is that down?
NEUT17|Training tried line at that point in terms of always up support.
NEUT18|Nothing new here has changed.
NEUT19|You still have the overarching level right there.
NEUT20|That purple line there, the 50.
NEUT21|Moving average, and then you also have that level down there at 0065.
NEUT22|So like I said from that angle things nothing new to report, but overall really the best way to summarize today's.
NEUT23|You know price boom and it's just like day of consolidation but it'll be interesting to see how this one closes out the week on Friday 1st off thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT25|But it will be me.
NEUT26|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
NEUT27|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me.
BULL28|Unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up.
NEUT35|For a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
