BEAR0|"""Today we've been talking a lot about how industries have been impacted by the shutdown tide to the coronavirus crisis on our hands right now, and one of those industries is the online dating industry."
BULL1|Of course, match Group A big operator there and they've seen traffic follows more people stay home.
NEUT2|For more on that, I want to bring on Heidi Chung with more on the dating downtrend here what do we been seeing?
NEUT3|Hazak, yeah, so this what we're seeing in the dating industry does not just impact, of course, match group and their business, but it also impacts everyday Americans and people around the world that are looking for love right now.
NEUT4|So what we've found out recently?
NEUT5|Through match groups, SEC filing.
BULL6|Is that the pandemic is actually creating a better user experience for people that are already on the platform, particularly for people under the age of 30.
NEUT7|They are increasingly turning to match groups products to quote, quote, coat and connect.
BULL8|Now on Tinder there's been an increase in the number of conversations that are taking place and those conversations are actually lasting longer as well.
BULL9|The company says that that is up anywhere from 10 to 30%.
BULL10|Since the outbreak started in many countries, hinge has also seen an uptick as much as 30% increase in messages in March that compared to January and February.
NEUT11|But on the flip side, here knew users, especially over the age of 30, are not really signing up for match groups products.
NEUT12|So how does this essentially impact with financials of match group?
NEUT13|Well match group CEO says quote.
BEAR14|Given the impact of the virus, which began in February, we expect our Q1 results to be around the low end of the ranges we previously shared.
BEAR15|Publicly predicting the rest of this year is pretty much premature given the uncertain overall impact of the virus, and they actually expect that the virus impact make it will make it extremely challenging to grow revenue from Q1 to Q2.
NEUT16|They're going to align more of what they expect financially when they report their quarterly results, but for now, they're seeing people that are already on the platform using the platform more, but not that many people are signing up.
BULL17|They do say also that they are expecting to make video products more available on their platform so that people can.
NEUT18|Talk to each other face to face sack.
BEAR19|Zoom for lovers, perchance getting integrated here we are seeing shares off by about 7% though for the month kind of flat.
NEUT20|It was 65 at the beginning of March and now trading at 6148.
NEUT21|Hey investors, Zach Guzman here?
NEUT22|Are you interested in learning more about the markets and getting the latest financial news will then click right here to subscribe to our Yahoo Finance YouTube channel.
NEUT23|Get the latest up to the minute market analysis.
NEUT24|Big interviews in the world of finance and information on how to manage your money every day.
NEUT25|"Wherever you are."""
