NEUT0|"""There is a letter that I have now in my possession."
BULL1|That Third Point Dan Loeb Third Point has sent to Disney, which may be the reason that you're seeing shares reacting in the way that they are up 1 3/4% in which Disney is urged by Mr. Loeb in a letter, quoting now to further capitalize on this transformational opportunity which he is talking about in the streaming service.
BULL2|Service which Mr Loeb is very high on.
NEUT3|We believe the company should permanently underlined suspend its $3 billion annual dividend an redirect this capital entirely into content production and acquisition for Disney's Direct to Consumer business is centered around Disney plus Brenda, you own the stock and I remember the day that we broke this news about what Mr Loeb was thinking when they made this.
NEUT4|Investment and had revealed it in their investor letter that he was especially high on Disney calling it the greatest opportunity that the company has ever had were certainly that it has now or in the last many decades or So what do you make of this?
NEUT5|Call by Loeb suspend the dividend permanently and redirect that capital towards what he sees at the as the highest growth prospect for this business.
NEUT6|It's a little bit of an aggressive call.
BULL7|I'd say to completely eliminate the dividend, but I agree that this is an excellent opportunity.
BULL8|The company has already accelerated the rollout of Disney plus during this environment, which I think has been a great thing.
NEUT9|So to the extent that they could continue to focus on that and continue to make even a greater push, I think would be interesting.
NEUT10|Certainly the environment is ripe for that, right?
NEUT11|We're all still at home for the most part.
NEUT12|You know, there are still a huge demand.
BULL13|For streaming services, so I think it's interesting you know we we share his view that Disney is going to come out of this on the other side, being a much stronger company.
NEUT14|"Having grown this piece of the business and then having the other pieces which aren't working now but will once the economy is able to reopen."""
