NEUT0|"""The coming initial public offering or IPO for a ramco."
NEUT1|The Saudi Arabian oil Company has captured the attention of Wall Street regarding just how much the company is worth on the valuation question.
NEUT2|Well, we will leave that to the collective wisdom of the marketplace.
NEUT3|We are interested in how Ramco will function as a public company and the implications for oil market volatility.
NEUT4|In the past, Saudi Arabia has served as the swing producer for OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
BULL5|That strategy worked exceptionally well in the 1970s when OPEC burst under the scenes and push prices up fourfold.
NEUT6|Supply economics took over in the 1980s and OPEC was a nonfactor.
NEUT7|Opec's influence revived in the recent decades until the US shale oil boom.
NEUT8|November of 2014 told the story.
BEAR9|OPEC decided not to cut production even as oil prices were falling.
BEAR10|The idea was to break the profitability of US shale producers.
BEAR11|The oil price hit a low Ann.
BEAR12|Many shale producers were in big financial trouble then.
BULL13|The price recovered.
BULL14|So did US shale producers and now the US is the largest oil producer in the world, standing slightly higher than Russia or Saudi Arabia.
NEUT15|With the writing on the wall regarding the ability of Saudi Arabia to serve as a swing producer in buffer for the oil price volatility, the Saudis are switching gears as my former professor, the Chief Investment officer of Steven and John Rutledge has observed.
NEUT16|Instead of managing oil production, the Kingdom will start to manage its Holdings of Ramco shares that is overtime the Kingdom will observe, exert less and less influence over oil production decisions.
BEAR17|The age of the Saudis has swing producers, not to mention OPEC may be ending soon when the Kingdom needs more money to fund its economic revitalization plans.
NEUT18|It will simply sell more shares in a ramco We're in a new world of less OPEC influence and potentially more oil price volatility is Saudi Arabia seeds.
NEUT19|The role of swing producer to the market price influenced US shale producers.
NEUT20|I'm Blue Putnam chief economist.
NEUT21|"CME Group."""
