NEUT0|"""Jim specific to the commercial real estate business and those who rent office space."
BEAR1|You know, there's been two competing arguments, one as well, you're going to have to have socially distanced spacing in offices, so you're going to need more space, but it is being overwhelmed.
NEUT2|I think by the number of executives I've spoken to, we're basically talking about a new world of work in which some segment of their workforce works from home.
BEAR3|They look to shrink their footprint overall, and then it goes to overall economic demand.
NEUT4|I mean, I don't know what the vacancy rate in New York City is going to look like.
BEAR5|Like come the fall but it is not going to be good and the prospects for it actually getting any better overtime or not.
BULL6|Particularly strong either.
BEAR7|One reason why you've seen shares of Vornado, for example down sharply, although up sharply today.
NEUT8|Right again, maybe on this vaccine is also maybe some hope for retail.
NEUT9|By the way, JCPenney, we've got that that they're trying to get right back in a smaller footprint.
NEUT10|I think that the competing views are really interesting.
NEUT11|David, because what I think is missing out of all these views.
NEUT12|If they would somehow lower the rent, then it would matter.
NEUT13|No one ever thinks anyone ever lowers the rent this country and who is driving the lower rent Starbucks.
NEUT14|I saying listen, you know, if you want us, you know I look I I don't understand how these real estate investment trusts constantly talk about how they don't have to cut rates mean there.
NEUT15|Look at what their stocks have done.
BEAR16|They should have cut rates for heaven's sake, mean because empty doesn't pay the bills and these guys have been really not not great actors far as I'm concerned when they say that, right?
NEUT17|Yeah, they they're not going to.
NEUT18|They're still going to guarantee you're still gonna put good dividends in the pocket of their holders could give their customers.
NEUT19|Their actual the guys who have read retail give him a break.
NEUT20|But no one ever lowers.
NEUT21|Rates are yellow, though.
NEUT22|The question becomes Jim, the question becomes how much of a break I mean, as you well know, a lot of them have debt debt that's been securitized, that's backed up by the rents that are coming in right, whether it be retail, or whether it be office space and so yeah, they have some room, but they may not have as much as you think in terms of the ability to lower those rents or where the marketplace is going to take them regardless.
NEUT23|I mean, so we may end up with.
NEUT24|I don't know if it will be bankruptcies, but restructurings of some kind in some of these things, and certainly we can imagine buildings that are.
NEUT25|That are gonna undergo that.
BULL26|"No, you're right, you're right."""
