BULL0|"""Election fraud 10 major reforms are needed to restore trust in our democracy."
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead where you get the insights you need to better navigate these turbulent times.
BEAR2|Americans faith in the integrity of our democracy has been shaken by allegations of serious irregularities in the recent election.
NEUT3|Just how severe these mistakes and frauds were is the subject of debate.
NEUT4|But there is no doubt that changes need to be made.
NEUT5|These basic reforms were command widespread support officials of both parties should be allowed to personally observe every step in collecting and counting absentee or Mail in ballots.
BEAR6|Philadelphia, for instance, notoriously block Republicans from monitoring the process of the enormous number of melons, especially the validity of signatures and postmarks.
NEUT7|In the same vein, poll watchers from both parties should be permitted in every precinct on Election Day itself.
NEUT8|States should also provide training for poll watchers.
NEUT9|States must every year be required to credibly clean up voting roles of those who have died or moved elsewhere.
BEAR10|The sloppiness here in too many areas is appalling, making voter fraud all too possible.
NEUT11|Mail in ballots should only be sent at the request of a registered voter.
NEUT12|No more mass mailings that are also invitation for a widespread fraud.
NEUT13|One friend of mine in Pennsylvania received 5 ballots.
NEUT14|Melon should be received by Election Day or not be counted.
NEUT15|With proper oversight.
NEUT16|The counting of absentee and Mail in ballots should begin before Election Day, so the government agencies can report vote totals on election night.
NEUT17|Ballot harvesting should be banned in California, where it is legal and bands should be vigorously enforced in the rest of the country where ballot harvesting is illegal but still occurs.
NEUT18|Ballot harvesting is the practice or party workers with ballots go to people, especially in places like nursing homes and instruct them how to fill out these ballots and then turn the balance into election officials many times.
NEUT19|If the voter doesn't vote right, the Harvester never turns it.
NEUT20|In policing is nonexistent.
NEUT21|Voting machines or equipment should be vigorously tested for proper functioning and the prevention of hacking before and after elections.
NEUT22|There should be paper receipts and vote totals so they can't be tampered with.
NEUT23|Voters are cast their ballots in person should show a photo ID and request for Mail in ballots should also include a copy of a photo ID.
BULL24|These changes are crucial to restore trust in our election process.
NEUT25|I'm Steve Forbes.
NEUT26|Thank you for listening.
BULL27|"Do send in your comments or suggestions and look forward to being with you soon again."""
