NEUT0|"""The federal government also owns an enormous fleet of vehicles which we're going to replace with clean electric vehicles made right here in America by American workers creating millions of jobs."
NEUT1|A million auto worker jobs and clean energy and vehicles that are.
NEUT2|Net zero emissions.
BULL3|Tesla has some big plans in 2021 after a face melting 2020 where it Tesla stock price increase to 900%.
BULL4|2021 is gearing up to be potentially just as eventful and lucrative.
NEUT5|One of the big news out of Washington seems to be that lots of government funds will be poured into American made electric vehicles, which right now pretty much means Tesla.
NEUT6|President Biden plans to replace the government's fleet of cars and trucks with electric vehicles made in the US.
BULL7|He said as he was signing a new by America executive order, the US government needs a lot of cars and it will take time for auto manufacturers to catch up and produce the supply needed.
NEUT8|Tesla current models might not be in the running because they're seen as more premium cars and are mostly sedans instead of utility vehicles.
NEUT9|But the cyber truck that is expected to be released late 2021 could be a massive contender for this.
NEUT10|the US government has over 400,000 trucks of various sizes, most probably currently gas powered.
NEUT11|That will need to be replaced.
NEUT12|The big advantage of the cyber truck is that it's built from a single block of cold rolled stainless steel.
NEUT13|It won't be painted, which saves a lot of time, and it's made to be manufactured fast.
NEUT14|The factory that will be producing it is that Gigafactory in Austin, TX, which has been engineered to be able to produce cyber trucks at a much higher rate than before.
NEUT15|Thought possible, and they're going to have to produce a lot of these trucks, which won't be easy.
BULL16|For example, the Ford F-150, the best selling vehicle in America.
NEUT17|So just under 900,000 units in 2019, while the Toyota Rav 4 took the fourth spot behind Ram and Chevy's pickup with nearly 450,000 units sold in 2019.
NEUT18|But these are established carmakers with decades of experience, supply chains and multiple factories.
NEUT19|Time will tell how Tesla will stack up but they will need to have a massive output to keep up with demand.
BULL20|Some members of Congress are betting big on Tesla, benefiting from the government's new push for electric vehicles.
NEUT21|Now, having members of Congress be able to buy and sell stocks that may benefit from the laws that they pass seems a tad shady, but I digress.
BULL22|Nancy Pelosi purchased as much as a million in Tesla stock options a few months ago, likely in anticipation that Biden's plan for clean energy and tax credit for electric vehicles will help companies like Tesla do very well in the coming years.
NEUT23|In other news, California signs order banning sales of new gas powered cars by the year 2035.
BEAR24|California's policy is often getting massive pushback as being too extreme, but California has such a large economy that it can push around large companies and even other states to follow its lead.
BULL25|Carmakers desperately need California sales to survive, so we're likely to see old school car brands step up their electric vehicle efforts.
NEUT26|All in all, we're going to see a lot of government money and incentives flowing into the sector, so let me ask you, what are your thoughts?
BEAR27|Did I miss anything?
NEUT28|Is it going to be illegal to drive anything besides a Tesla next year?
NEUT29|Let me know in the comments.
NEUT30|"And please subscribe for more money making news."""
