NEUT0|"""Hey, its claim this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL Apple we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Also from disclosure standpoint I do own Apple in my retirement accounts from the long side, so just keep that in mind as I go through the analysis.
NEUT4|Big update here that needs to 1st be done in this woman a little bit more.
NEUT5|Those you that have watched the past videos I've done on this one, but that green line there was representing an important area of support at right around one 1525 and you can see that unfortunately this afternoon when the price did breakdown through it.
BULL6|That really opened up the downwards momentum.
NEUT7|Yeah, the price bounced slightly, but overall definitely a big breakdown which leads to an important update going into Friday and this update just based on a foundation rule in charting which states when levels of support are broken and closed below they tend to act as resistance.
NEUT8|If Apple at all does try to stabilize out and then work its way back upwards that level right there is going to be the first key area to watch moving forward right around the 1:15.
NEUT9|Like said 15 mark.
NEUT10|So watch that closely with any sort of balance.
NEUT11|If the price can actually get up through there, then the next key level you'd want to watch closely is going to be that Purple line, which on my chart denotes the 50.
NEUT12|Moving average, so those would be the main areas of resistance as far as always up support in the next level that I think a whole lot of people are going to be watching and wondering about.
NEUT13|And it is this area down here at 112 fifty.
NEUT14|You can basically see that now right here it wasn't perfect is sure the price did snap down even further down below it, but still really goes to show that when that level is broken, big moving to the downside.
NEUT15|But then the price held and then once again the price held.
NEUT16|So again one of those levels were a lot of people are going to be watching it, myself included.
NEUT17|And a lot of people are watching the same level, wondering the same thing.
NEUT18|You can call a self filling prophecy called whatever you want.
NEUT19|It can definitely produce very dynamic movements.
NEUT20|So while not a guarantee, a rational thought that if the price does come down here and then breakthrough one 12:50.
NEUT21|That could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure, so we'll see what happens with it.
BEAR22|Yeah, as of right now, things are looking pretty shaky headed into Friday.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird.
NEUT28|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT29|But in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT34|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT35|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
