NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol TSLA Tesla."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, the pattern that I drew in a place on Mondays video still 100% holds true and there's going to be just that many more eyeballs that are watching it because the price respected the pattern and the longer the prices respect certain patterns and certain dynamics.
NEUT5|The more and more eyeballs that draws in and the more and more eyeballs that it draws in, the more dynamic price movements can get.
NEUT6|Because when a lot of people are watching the same thing and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want.
NEUT7|Like I said, it can produce some very dynamic movements, and that's what we have with each of these levels.
NEUT8|And the main level that was really respected.
NEUT9|And that has caught my eye just that much more.
NEUT10|Is that green line right there at 685, which talked about yesterday?
NEUT11|But you can see today now when the price did break blow.
BEAR12|It was a nice move down, but kind of a tricky move.
NEUT13|'cause it was a fake breakdown.
NEUT14|Back up the price one and then after that basically respected at 685 mark almost to the T so continue to watch 685 and while nothing is guaranteed it's more of a you know.
NEUT15|My point here is it's a valid, it's more of a rational approach to say that you know if the price comes down to 685 and actually does breakdown blow up.
BEAR16|That break in of itself could cause quite a bit of bearishness.
NEUT17|Again, nothing is guaranteed, but certainly a rational and logical thought process to have and then, on the flip side of things, once more.
NEUT18|No guarantees, but certainly more than valid, more than rational, as if the price comes up to that red line and can actually break up through it.
NEUT19|Well, then at that point you're going to break out players that are watching it, saying hey, that trend line was just broken.
NEUT20|I'm a breakout player, I should be buying an for no other reason other than that people could potentially buy on that red line break.
NEUT21|So we're going to keep a close eye on that, but that is certainly going to be the main pattern that, in my opinion at least, a lot of people are watching moving forward.
NEUT22|So let's see how the price continues to behave relative to those areas.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again.
NEUT33|Totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT34|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
