NEUT0|"""I think from like from an economic slowdown perspective, I don't think much is priced in."
NEUT1|If anything, in crude oil prices.
BEAR2|If we were to have like a significant slowdown of the world economy, which starts to look more and more likely now, with the latest increase in tariffs and also the inability of US and China to get along, I think in the next few months you know, for example, if you look at numbers from China like introduction, if they continue to weekend, we could potentially have a bit of a slowdown across the world that will send stock markets lower, and that should obviously cost crude oil to go down.
NEUT3|Now.
NEUT4|I think the reason why crude oil prices remain strong is, as we probably know, because of the geopolitical tensions between USN Iran and there.
NEUT5|I think there's a lot of sort of flexing muscles and you know, trying to sort of their aggressive in tone, but I think there's not really going to be any sort of conflict there.
NEUT6|At least I don't think so.
BULL7|And as soon as people start to realize that maybe we can start to see crude oil prices trade a little bit lower from current prices.
NEUT8|That's this interesting question, maybe it would on paper reach 0, but I think there's going to be some clever people out there that's going to try to figure out how to still get some access to that Iranian oil.
NEUT9|We need to remember, like European countries and other countries in the world are reli on cheap crude oil price or cheap crude oil from Iran.
BEAR10|So I don't think that you know, officially maybe will go down significantly, but there's still going to be some.
NEUT11|Some demand for their crude oil and people going to probably figure out somehow how to get access to that so so I don't really think it's going to go down to zero.
NEUT12|And what's also interesting is just because you know there's so many interests here in Iran.
NEUT13|I don't think that there's going to be a big sort of outcry if there would be some military conflict there, especially if it will be obviously be initiated from the American side.
BULL14|Since we have market turmoil, I think people would start to position themselves for stronger gold prices.
NEUT15|But unfortunately or not unfortunately.
NEUT16|But I think the way things are looking right now.
NEUT17|You need to have a very long term view, so I personally think that stock markets will probably trade a little bit lower, so I would be buying gold on dips.
NEUT18|With the anticipation that when stock market prices indeed go down safe stock market prices revisit the levels we saw in, say, December last year when stock market prices are that low, then at that point you'll probably find gold prices at something like 1350 or even above.
BEAR19|"So you need to have a very long term view because right now there they literally have a strong negative correlation, and if you wait until stock markets so much lower than gold prices were ordered to be much higher."""
