NEUT0|"""Excluding this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple, we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL3|Well, nice movement here on Apple.
NEUT4|Late day, as things were really crazy in the morning.
NEUT5|Price gapped up or excuse me price gap down then shot all the way up then came all the way back down then just as chopped around a little bit.
NEUT6|But overall through all that drama 'cause today there's no doubt about it.
NEUT7|There was a lot of drama that happened today but through it all and what I want to mainly focus on here is there has been a trend line here that's now begun to be formed.
NEUT8|So we actually changed it to green to represent a support red line, but there's no doubt about it.
NEUT9|That's the buyer showed up and the buyers kind of showed up in more of a sneaky fashion because yeah, there was all sorts of craziness, but.
BEAR10|Every time the price did pull back from one of these, you know spikes in the upward direction.
BULL11|The buyers also stepped up, hence the ability to draw this up training trendline here.
NEUT12|So my point going forward is in order to measure OK, is this the start of a turn around?
NEUT13|Well, let's just see if it can keep turning around and how am I defining quote unquote turning around will by using that red line.
NEUT14|So in other words, as long as the price stays above that red line, then the price is still turning itself around as opposed if the price comes down to that red line and then just blast on threw up.
NEUT15|Well at that point that would not be a turn around.
BEAR16|That would be a total reversal back to the downside.
NEUT17|So in my mind, that red line is the easiest way to gauge you know the health or lack there of this current.
NEUT18|Upward little movement here that's occurred throughout the craziness of today as far as levels of resistance are concerned headed into.
NEUT19|Friday key level to watch is going to be about Pink line right there.
NEUT20|The 200 per moving average which is actually right where it got rejected from earlier on in the day and the current value of that of that moving average right there at one 2150.
NEUT21|So keep your eye on that moving forward.
NEUT22|But overall crazy day that reading is in place though.
NEUT23|So let's see if the price can continue to turn itself around on Friday 1st off.
BULL24|Thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT25|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me live.
NEUT26|Revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL27|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT28|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT29|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT34|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot.
NEUT36|Which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT38|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
