NEUT0|"""It might be a cop out, but it just comes back to how early this asset classes."
NEUT1|At some point.
BEAR2|I do think that there will be a recession.
NEUT3|That's an inflationary recession where investors flocked to something like a digital gold.
NEUT4|Some will go to gold, some will go to a digital gold and that right now would be Bitcoin.
NEUT5|If we saw an event like that now, whether that will happen if I knew how to buy the bottom and sell the top every time that this market is moved, then I wouldn't be here.
NEUT6|I'd be on the beach, but maybe you can show me the way after you said something interesting about Ether and this sort of distributed platform from capital raising.
BEAR7|And that's good on the way up, but a lot of people have been talking about this phenomenon on the way down, where a lot of projects have Treasurys have a lot of money in ether, and then as the price goes down they see their runway of collapse, and then that force forces further liquidations 'cause they gotta pay their developers.
NEUT8|And then that reduces the runway for everyone else.
NEUT9|And you have this spiral.
NEUT10|Is that process real, and if so, how far along are we in that sort of essentially the opposite of the capital raise.
NEUT11|I think everybody is trying to figure out that the answer to that exact question.
NEUT12|You know, one of the things that we're working on at Messari, is driving transparency standards for many of these projects that did raise money, and one of the key inputs there is, what is their ongoing Treasury look like, right?
BEAR13|You only hear about teams Treasurys after their laying people off, and they say we have 12 months.
BEAR14|We have 18 months and we've seen that with a few projects that didn't really manage their Treasuries appropriately.
NEUT15|How pervasive that was and is, I still don't think we have a full grasp on what I do think is interesting.
NEUT16|Is will this religious community of supporters that have developed around the theorem ecosystem?
NEUT17|This is a pretty difficult battle that they need to overcome an are they really true believers that will get through that rough here?
NEUT18|Or will you start to see some defections to other, more stable, well capitalized projects that might start a little bit more centralized?
NEUT19|EOS is a perfect example.
NEUT20|Definiti Cosmos, which is another project.
NEUT21|Both are private now, but will come on line in 2019.
BEAR22|Will developers start using those other blockchains because Ethereum has gone solo and it's become insecure there?
NEUT23|Was this talk I remember 2017 2018 that VC was going to be dead.
NEUT24|So I am going to continue to buy Athyrium because I do believe that although there's alternatives to Ethereum, it's there.
NEUT25|I mean, they just mentioned it.
NEUT26|They're not going to even be tested in live until 2019.
NEUT27|And then there's going to be so many bugs and so many issues that I would still pay attention to other projects.
NEUT28|But I do feel like because there has been able to move and.
NEUT29|That is still the only blockchain out there with its with an actual live product.
BULL30|I wouldn't worry about it too much and like I said, the price is corrected so much for Ethereum that I think it's a great deal and a great buy.
NEUT31|But like I said you could be buying into AOL or a falling knife, so be careful.
NEUT32|"I do feel like it's something important to pay attention to and let me know your thoughts on this and I will talk to you soon."""
