NEUT0|"""It was twofold, actually."
BULL1|So number one, it was our industry research that highlighted an increase in production in the iPhone, and we haven't been able to say that for more than two years.
BULL2|So that's a clear positive and 2nd.
NEUT3|Your analysis of search trends both in China and then also outside of China.
BULL4|I've been up year over year, and those are clearly indicators, typically of iPhone demand as well as Apple sales in the regions.
NEUT5|Is there any concern you know?
BEAR6|I understand that now hardware is going to be a tailwind, right?
NEUT7|Going into the end of the year as opposed to a headwind, which a lot of people had anticipated.
NEUT8|But there are there other headwinds that are sort of unknown at this point.
BEAR9|I mean, Apple was in the news recently for well, for now, removing the Map app which was used by Hong Kong residents and protesters to avoid police.
NEUT10|And I'm wondering if that sort of China uncertainty plays into the last quarter of the calendar year again.
NEUT11|The comps in China are actually relatively easy this year, so be sure there's uncertainty.
NEUT12|I think uncertainty in China you have terrorists in the US, but at this point in time, Apple usually doesn't change its viewpoint on demand and less it's pretty confident of what's occurring out there.
BULL13|So yes, there's risk, but in the near term demand is outstripping what Apple thought it would be at this point in time and in terms of the demand for the new phone.
NEUT14|Sean, what's your what's your forecasts in terms of the mix of phones and I understand we won't get units, but you know the mix of phones will certainly.
NEUT15|Help us figure out perhaps what margins could be like.
NEUT16|So the mix is skewing more toward the low end.
NEUT17|Our research suggests.
BEAR18|The upside we're seeing is more in the iPhone 11 versus the other higher priced models, so you know the cut in price Apple made this year is actually doing what Apple wanted which was driving incremental demand.
BULL19|And you also say that you like some of the suppliers here, we just had an upgrade from Cowan and some of the suppliers as well.
NEUT20|Is that is that already reflected in these stocks?
NEUT21|Do you think at all or no?
BEAR22|'cause a lot of them jumped on those initial reports.
NEUT23|They have jumped, and so you know Corvo, Skyworks, Broadcom, Texas Instruments amphon all within our coverage list.
NEUT24|All have high exposure to Apple, and so I think the forecast for the September quarter or December quarter, at least in terms of consensus estimates previously weren't reflecting strong iPhone demand.
BULL25|It was a pretty meager outlook for the back half of the year, so we've had some jumps today, but I would expect probably as we go into earnings season now, even more of a follow through on that business as we see the true upside come into these strong sales numbers puncture the idea that.
NEUT26|Would wait for a 5G phone.
NEUT27|I don't think so.
BEAR28|I think this is more akin to the iPhone 7 cycle where the iPhone 6S was a disappointment.
BEAR29|There was low expectations for the iPhone 7 and actually outsold a little bit ahead of the iPhone 10, so this is more, I think of just a little bit of an underestimation of demand out there.
BULL30|Or maybe a little bit of pent up demand pricing, helping apples programs to stimulate demand as well.
BULL31|And then there's still potentially even more upside for the 5G iPhone in 2020.
BEAR32|"This is more of an interim bump versus people pulling ahead of 5G."""
