BULL0|"""Hello everyone and thanks for tuning."
NEUT1|Back in Alexander Day crypto here.
BULL2|I hope you doing all fine.
NEUT3|So before we start as usual I'm not a financial advisor and all the content information in this video is meant opinion and my own market observation.
NEUT4|So let's start today with a four hour time frame.
NEUT5|Because you can see that Bitcoin had this little pump today and right now we're creating this side with moving which where we have a top here at around 11,500 and the support down here at around 11,000.
NEUT6|So as you can see, during all these parabolic pump to the upside here, in the four hour time frame we had the 20 moving average always above the 50 and under the 50 to 200.
BEAR7|But right now you can see that the 20 went below the 50 and the 50s now giving us resistance here you can see that the price.
BEAR8|Is struggling to break here to the upside and we have to break here to the upside and also create a higher higher than the previous one here.
NEUT9|So that means above year 12,500.
BULL10|If you're not able to create this higher high here then I think the momentum is still shifted to the downside and we should expect this.
NEUT11|Watch here to break to the downside.
BULL12|I also have another short enter tear on the top of the wedge, so I hope this is going to play out, but if we're going to break from this wedge to the upside.
NEUT13|And also create these higher high.
BEAR14|Then I will close my short with a little loss, but I'm pretty confident that this 50 moving average in the four hour will give us too much resistance, at least for now.
BEAR15|You can also see the stochastics already overbought here even if we just broke down to the support.
BEAR16|Also the RSI is aligning exactly at 50 so if we drop here below 50 we're going to trade again bearish and we should see here the breakout to the downside.
NEUT17|You can also have a quick look on the daily time frame because here you can clearly see that we bounced from the 20 daily moving average and right now we are again going up and have quite a good distance here to the 20.
BULL18|So even if we break out here from these sideways moving, which the downside but get supported in the 20 again as we did in the previous two days, I believe that we might see another push to the upside.
NEUT19|Maybe this big correction that we all waiting for will not happen now.
BULL20|But this 20 daily moving average is very strong right now and is holding very nicely support so far.
BEAR21|Only if this line here would get broken, then I think that we should see the start of the big correction to sub 10K.
BULL22|But remember guys, even if we see a bigger correction here to the downside to test one of the major support, we are still in a bull market and for the long term I'm bullish on Bitcoin and we should see very soon new all time highs.
NEUT23|During this year 2019 also, if you want to open a long or short position as I did, go to my video description that you can find the invitation code for by bit.
NEUT24|You can get immediately $10 free of Bitcoins, so you can start trade here without any risk.
NEUT25|And with that said guys are going to wrap it up for today.
NEUT26|I hope you're in a good trade if you like the content, please give it a like subscribe to the channel.
NEUT27|"Take the little Bell and we see us all in the next one bye."""
