BULL0|"""Zelica coin staking price prediction February 3rd."
NEUT1|In today's silica coin staking price prediction, Poly network integrates silica.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
NEUT3|Poly Network has announced it is adding silica to its cross chain asset swapping protocol.
BULL4|The move is part of a new partnership noted by Polly Networkers, another step in its mission to drive interoperability between blockchain platforms.
NEUT5|Zelica is a high performance, high security blockchain platform designed to scale to thousands of transactions per second.
NEUT6|Scylla Silicas unique language designed for smart contracts, utilizes mathematical proofs to ensure the code meets certain specifications.
NEUT7|Poly Network is an interoperability protocol that allows for cross change sharing of assets and information.
NEUT8|Once complete, the implementation will enable applications and tokens on silica to interact with other participating blockchains.
NEUT9|Zelica developers will be able to build cross chain logic into their SLR based smart contracts and merged with Poly Networks supported blockchains in its announcement, Poly Network said block chains form isolated islands with their own users, debts and assets.
NEUT10|This in turn makes it very difficult to move assets or data from one chain to another.
BULL11|Poly Network solves this fundamental issue by creating an interoperability layer that connects several chains together in a decentralized manner.
NEUT12|It provides a bridge that takes data or requests from one chain and passes it to another in the format.
NEUT13|The latter expects.
NEUT14|Zelica intends to leverage cross chain functionality through its non custodial exchange.
NEUT15|Still swap developed by Switcher Labs.
BULL16|Using Poly network still swap will offer liquidity pooling and mining rewards for NEP 5 ERCO 20 BP 20 and its natives.
NEUT17|RC2 token formats.
NEUT18|Poly Network is already the cross chain provider for switches trade hub and the Flamingo Finance Defy platform.
NEUT19|The Poly Network Interoperability Protocol now supports Neo, Ethereum, Bitcoin Ontology, Binance, smart chain, Elrond and Cosmos.
NEUT20|That's what's been happening this week in the world of silica, coin staking price prediction.
NEUT21|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now.
NEUT22|So that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of silica coin staking price prediction.
NEUT23|If you enjoyed this edition of silica coin staking price prediction, leave a comment.
NEUT24|And please hit the like or share button.
BULL25|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT26|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT27|"Check out last week's silica coin staking price prediction by checking out our silica coin staking playlist."""
