NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, Swagat helps up God Gaffney YouTube channel investorlogic.com pay child goes to ask important or exciting video go start that they had those to Jessica updates at a ho Hum Aapke liquor."
NEUT1|I had over 8 buyback related video.
NEUT2|There is one organization which has decided to go forward by back of its own shares your buyback Joe.
NEUT3|What Arizona Bear Packer and Evola hey Taccone see organization.
NEUT4|It recorded booty information, upgrades, video Mysuru Milegi Asha Katanga Office video contact through Dec OK other app Hamari channel pepeli Bar I photo album original subscribe because at a hoe for such wonderful and exciting content without any further ado let's get started.
NEUT5|Savita Oil Technologies Limited is the organization which has decided to go for a buyback of its own shares, total number of shares, reorganization markets, a buyback carnival Ivo had 2.51 Lac shares.
NEUT6|Jeske investment yard cost is organization could be reckoning panicky 35.14 rolls in total battery buyback price keto tereso number pay per share case up see a price fixed curvy organization key or say current stock price keyboard Curto stock was trading at ₹1085.
NEUT7|Birdshead battleground state kicker at the 4th March, he fixed category Hazak state, which means third master copies company may fresh buying curse active individuals at Yahoo Investment carsick to remember guys.
NEUT8|3rd March is the end date.
NEUT9|Third Master Apni is complemented whiskey, a tab here by Backyard Darbhanga Guy who skateboard Kia 4th March 5th March Coccia so you will not be able to participate in this buyback.
NEUT10|Keep this date in your mind by the recorded kicker to 5th March Yampa fixed.
NEUT11|Beginning organization Cure says record date about CTE important Cheesecake just go buy back again.
NEUT12|Yeah, buyback loss Cafe is valid buyback may there is a buyback gain of ₹305 per share if we compare these two prices, which is buyback price and current stock prices.
NEUT13|Don't know major anther.
BEAR14|Hey Osam Nicole to hear buyback Kenya buyback loss now.
NEUT15|Yampa important current Gore Carnevali Bhatia important birthday hockey JC here current market price.
NEUT16|Super Calla Jagathy buyback Ginger shrink Osaka.
NEUT17|Hey Gary Mitchell Agra to you by bargain but Santa.
NEUT18|Hey, depending on the market price your stock price which is current stock price this buyback gain and loss will be differentiated and determined.
BULL19|"So thank you so much."""
