NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, this is my role and once again welcome back to the platform is squad of trading so friends my birth canal, Reliance Industries, Stock Cube Army and many hibiscus chart open correct."
NEUT1|Housing prices were to research on this topic again in 2034, and many Agra kotaki happen negative and positive donor response contracting case may.
NEUT2|Amazon and Jorah landscape each major future retail could leakage problems create hand you Singapore, magical crystal reprobation, so security is a stock for the consumer and flower coffee time says stop may so many.
BULL3|Kentucky 2000 Kill level peak bodies strong support genre.
NEUT4|And exactly why.
NEUT5|I'm not a car guy, just need open at 2005 rupees Collova now.
NEUT6|OK so.
BEAR7|My language levels compared with targets kobara me and gap is struckmann West Connector site Time Honey in September.
NEUT8|Remembering OK, so subsequent authoring RSA key bottom and so many one DECA timeframe open.
NEUT9|Kirk, Eric, and Jessie update Peru.
NEUT10|RSA Julia Ward 30 around Matlab stock Jupiter's oversold Joan Magica, Matlab, Mayon Sinchronicity chances you have hot, bottom but forget that awake body choppers, yoga long term investment Kelly so upmass pay up long term investment in position on September 2000 level.
NEUT11|Tattoo and a bigger than upper current level.
BULL12|Budget 2000 colabella happy.
NEUT13|We have a long term investment coupling cars up there or my birthday one day get timeframe wallet chart with any.
NEUT14|How big do G Kendall month over the crime with the coffee trader Johan Bakken.
BULL15|Choose a story condo, public yet we indicate Carta so upset, quote target need another but will be a good market for positive retired Lance quicker than 2060 upset Qatargas.
NEUT16|But when you get down psychopath Caravan 2000.
NEUT17|Nothing important labella's rubric quota, then, is make 1800 eighteen 150 car level they can equals like that.
NEUT18|OK, so up insoluble sleeper coaches study career and hopes up with video knowledge Blogger or a child police are likely channel Skype correction by Concordia One Anabela.
BULL19|"Thanks for watching this video."""
