BULL0|"""Hi friends, welcome back to my channel."
BEAR1|And now as you've seen that above, yes 2850 crore of payment that has been made and that is a shocking, shocking news.
NEUT2|They're paid this payment to the mutual fund and bands.
NEUT3|Yes, what it implies to each and every person is started.
NEUT4|If Vodafone idea can pay through the Sun Internet 50 crowd to mutual fund this Franklin Templeton UTI Mutual Fund and bands we can't they.
NEUT5|Pay an upfront amount oaid yard and this is a path breaking news for each and every shareholder who are holding shares as of now, because as you can see here, Franklin Templeton receive around 1000 Taunton 15 crowd and you team Serpent deceived once the scroll and Nippon India assisted 121 grows and this is a very very very important news will be 'cause I don't think this news is news is important news but this news is silver self propagating news which could move the sharp razor when people are saying.
NEUT6|How can it pay?
NEUT7|But I don't know how they.
NEUT8|Sources of this fund in order to pay this amount, I think it's gonna be very, very important.
NEUT9|Important thing they interesting way voted for idea to scheme signal for does not have a death refund process of the schemes and this is a very very important important thing for in the life of Vodafone idea as well as this.
NEUT10|But this is William important OK Order for that process is very good but very impacted because of this judgment of AGR I hope since they are paired onto the site and 50.
NEUT11|Growth for this.
NEUT12|Mutual funds and all.
BULL13|I hope I think they can mobilize at least 4000 close of amount as they can pay some upfront amount and friends.
NEUT14|This news is really really important and apart pretty much because we never expected that.
NEUT15|I hope because of this do citing the I thought they could pay roommate interprod or 9 record.
NEUT16|I never thought they could pay this much of humongous of amount like called 2800 and 50,00,00,000 two 8502 mutual funds and banks.
BULL17|And this is a really really a very good news.
NEUT18|I think friends.
NEUT19|Normally I think we have discussed last video order for India in which we set the long portion of building that people thought that any goodness when it comes and goes, you said that some good news for income.
BULL20|Some good news is going to come.
NEUT21|I never thought this good news can come this time served within Fridays will be 'cause people you are not noticing.
NEUT22|How good is this when people are saying Meghan Vodafone idea can get any any amount mobilised for this upfront amount of this age ideals?
NEUT23|No water for the thing that we are better 2850 crore for this three mutual funds if we can pay to the safety profile, this mutual funds definitely we can pay the upfront about.
NEUT24|Which means if you always we could pay the overage ideas and we can gain the market share and and we can provide the shareholders who are holding these shares a greater value of it and that's why I always statements have a positive ITI have a positive.
NEUT25|I thought that the some other news may come.
NEUT26|I think.
NEUT27|We discuss right?
NEUT28|I mean the last year we discussed I thought never putting another word for it now but friends.
NEUT29|I think some would be starting forward of an idea and I think with this good test I think I wanted if we did not fit, didn't know friends OK, and friends.
NEUT30|If you have interested in know then make sure you click the subscribe button.
NEUT31|Share this video to your friends so that all could get knowledge about Vodafone Idea Limited.
BULL32|"Thank you friends and is seen in the video very soon."""
