NEUT0|"""Let's talk about emerging market currencies, which are under a lot of pressure at the moment."
NEUT1|I suspect what we are seeing is what you could call a Powell.
NEUT2|Paroxysm long word, but it's the best piece of alliteration I could come up with now.
NEUT3|Both of these lines show you the JP Morgan emerging Markets Foreign Exchange Index shows you how a basket of current emerging currencies have done compared to the dollar.
NEUT4|Both starts at 100 at the beginning of the year.
NEUT5|This screen line is for this year so far 2018 and the red line is four 2013 now.
NEUT6|The reason we've chosen.
NEUT7|2013 is because back then in May.
BEAR8|Ben Bernanke, then the chairman of the Federal Reserve, started talking about the possibility of tapering off the QE bonds purchases.
BEAR9|It was the Fed was making to keep US bond yields low and as a result of that we had what came to be known as the taper tantrum.
NEUT10|You saw money exit the emerging markets and go to the US, right the way through that summer.
NEUT11|Get into a position where people were deeply alarmed, even with the Fed not doing anything, just talking about tapering.
NEUT12|Now come September of that year, you have FMC at last meets and decides to everyone's great surprise not to start tapering off QE, right?
BULL13|Then you then see the emerging market currencies stabilized quite significantly, and that means that the Fed can finally start tapering.
NEUT14|There in December happens largely without incident.
NEUT15|Now what have we seen this year now?
NEUT16|Obviously back there and there and there.
BEAR17|And seemingly every few months we've had knew announcements of tariffs steady escalating program which puts pressure on emerging markets.
BULL18|Plainly emerging markets are seen as having benefited more than the developed world from globalization and trade.
NEUT19|Perhaps also more significantly back in March and again in June, you've seen the Federal Reserve raise rates, and you've also seen the Fed, which is under new leadership from J. PAL make it fairly clear they intend to do so again in September and December.
BEAR20|That has been putting pressure on the emerging markets currencies once more.
NEUT21|Turkey plainly has its own very specific problem, which is why you've seen very sharp.
BEAR22|Dropped recently, but all the other countries that were most affected five years ago.
BEAR23|India, Indonesia, Brazil, South Africa are lower than they were then and they have all fallen by about the same amount as they had back in the taper tantrum year of 2013.
BEAR24|If Turkey cannot resolve its crisis plainly, things will get scary.
NEUT25|But even if it's can, we need to see what happens when the Fed meets in September.
NEUT26|And again in December.
BULL27|Will it, as Jay Powell has said, be prepared to push ahead believing that the impact of US monetary policy is overrated.
BULL28|"Will it be prepared to push further ahead even if emerging market currencies have continued to fall?"""
