NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 6th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT2|No.
NEUT3|Delisting for nio.
NEUT4|Alright, let's get started.
BEAR5|Recently it has been reported that a few days ago the New York Stock Exchange decided to delist three Chinese companies from the Stock Exchange.
BEAR6|One of the most prominent Chinese companies delisted from the stock exchanges, China Mobile China Mobile is one of the world's largest telecom companies.
BEAR7|This move was made towards China Mobile because they were caught illegally doing business with a company that posed risks to the stock exchanges national security.
BEAR8|Alibaba and JD are also being considered for delisting for their ties to China's military.
NEUT9|These recent events has left many wondering will Nio be part of this delisting?
NEUT10|The answer is no.
NEUT11|Anio has set the bar high in that they are one of the only companies to be part of anti fraud committees and groups.
BULL12|Furthermore, NIO has signed up to be under constant complaint and investigation procedures.
NEUT13|These procedures include NIO being adopted into the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors to govern the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints about accounting.
NEUT14|Internal accounting controls, auditing matters fraud or questionable financial practices.
NEUT15|If there is any fraud or whistleblower can come forward with their confidentiality protected and report and fraud or accounting complaints by the company.
BEAR16|If there is any fraud of complaint within the company or against investors, then NIO will be immediately reported to the authorities and will have their internal offices shut down according to the Audit Fraud Committee.
NEUT17|Fraud may include or up to Mail wire bank fraudulent statements to the US securities, fraudulent statements to the Exchange Commission.
NEUT18|The SEC fraud against members of the investing public and antitrust fraud.
NEUT19|Lastly, NIO is included in the PC AOB.
NEUT20|It will not need to worry about auditing or this this law as they are already compliant with United States Stock Exchange standards.
NEUT21|Investors do not need to worry as NIO is a legit company with strong fundamentals.
NEUT22|Anio is complying with the stock exchanges protocols and rules.
NEUT23|An IO is defiantly one of the companies that will succeed in the future.
NEUT24|That's what's been happening this week in the world of Neo.
NEUT25|Stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT26|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT27|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL28|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT29|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT30|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
