BULL0|"""Hello and welcome back to the note."
BULL1|Well soon we all know we've actually had quite an interesting days trading here in the US.
BEAR2|Surprising inventory numbers for oil led to a full in the oil price in a full in U.S. stocks, but still even here in the states topic.
NEUT3|One topic of conversation that dominated everything else was the UK referendum on the EU.
NEUT4|It's going to be happening on Thursday.
NEUT5|We will have the results soon enough.
NEUT6|Let me try to put all of this into context one last time.
NEUT7|First of all, if you want an idea of why so many people are worried about the economic consequences, take a look only at this first chart.
BEAR8|It shows the UK current account balance going back to the war, and as you can see it is as bad as it has been at any time in that entire span.
NEUT9|Plainly a very risky time to be calling the UK's trading relationships into question doesn't necessarily mean that it's not a risk worth taking, but plainly very.
BEAR10|Risky Y many economists are as cautious as they are about what might happen if Britain leaves now.
NEUT11|What will happen depending on those results to the various markets.
BULL12|In the case of foreign exchange, Sterling as we've seen, has rallied very dramatically in the last few days.
BEAR13|In response to the sentiment that the UK might remain after all, at this point, Sterling is its strongest for the year.
BULL14|It is easily its strongest since the date of the referendum was called.
BEAR15|Given that the latest FT Tracking poll suggests that leave might be very slightly.
NEUT16|Heads that seems to me to be premature.
BEAR17|Certainly the risks in the foreign exchange markets look to be asymmetrical.
BEAR18|There would be far more of a full in the event of a leave.
NEUT19|Then there would be again in the results of a remain.
NEUT20|If you want to look at the effect on stock markets, then one stock market 1 market that might actually benefit quite considerably from a Remain vote would be Europe.
BEAR21|Plainly a Brexit would create all kinds of awkward.
BEAR22|Residence for the rest of the EU, and as you can see, European stocks have lagged the rest of the world quite significantly since the referendum was called.
BULL23|Removing the uncertain T might cause that those lines FVC across the European economic numbers actually look pretty good.
BULL24|Over the last few months, they've improved more compared to expectation than those of the states.
NEUT25|If you want an area that could be particularly hurt, that might, you might not expect to be by a by a Brexit vote by a leave vote.
NEUT26|Look at the emerging markets.
NEUT27|If we take a look at this next chart, what this shows you is how the emerging markets fare compared.
NEUT28|Two, the developed markets on one scale and on the other scale is the dollar.
NEUT29|There is an obvious inverse relationship between them.
BEAR30|A strong dollar tends to mean weak emerging markets.
BEAR31|If the UK does vote to leave the chances of a strong influx of capital, strong flow of money into the dollar are very strong indeed, and that would imply bad things.
NEUT32|For emerging markets, the ripples of this decision, whichever way it goes, will be felt.
NEUT33|Everywhere at this point it's far too late to try making great guesses on the outcome if you haven't already balanced your portfolio against whatever is going to happen, it's probably too late now.
NEUT34|"Rather, it's best to resist any attempt to speculate because we are going to know soon enough."""
