BULL0|"""Forced in your initial take, I mean, I mean, the economy is slowing and say we all have been talking about and as Tom from Lasell, just to mention we're slowly pressing on the brake here."
BEAR1|It's not falling out a bit moment, but things are slowing down if you look at the chart for what's happening with manufacturing jobs, it continues to trend lower.
BEAR2|This is consistent what we've been saying for a while, so the answer is that the uncertainty is still hanging over the outlook and it is still having an impact on the labor market.
BULL3|And perhaps most importantly, I mean wages now growing.
BEAR4|A good deal slower the year or year rate at least a 2.9 is certainly also something that the market is going to pay attention to, because that means that the inflation pressures and all these fears we've had about high wage growth and late in the cycle and the economy and labor market overheating at this point just doesn't seem to be warranted anymore.
NEUT5|So mild flatteners about is that make sense?
NEUT6|You know the number basically corroborates you.
BEAR7|Know the key theme, which is that the slowdown in the pace of job creation continues in this report, and you know a lot of negative negativity was priced into the market coming into this report.
BULL8|Following the week ISN prints, and now you're seeing that a consensus number, the market, so the bond market, especially starting to to you know, give back some of those gains.
NEUT9|Isn't the underemployment rate that dropped there like a good thing?
NEUT10|Torsten?
BULL11|That is absolutely a good thing.
BEAR12|And that's certainly quite a significant drop from 7.2 in EU.
BEAR13|626.9 and that looks rather dramatic relative to what we've seen more recently.
BEAR14|But the big picture still is the unemployment rate coming down so much.
NEUT15|Certainly also had three and a half.
NEUT16|That is quite surprising.
BEAR17|"Compared to relatively limited job growth, I mean the most important number here really is the private payrolls at 114, because that includes the census workers."""
