NEUT0|"""His claim this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL Apple we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|If you're not sure what I mean by 30 minute, I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL2|Well, another solid day he ran mainly solid because the price is still very nicely up above that green line.
NEUT3|Here that I've drawn in past videos and that line is representing the fact that ever since you know the big donors movement here, the price is starting to slowly creep its way back upwards.
NEUT4|Now of course, there's still a lot more work that needs to be done, but the point being, it's still trending in the right direction and at the end of the day, that's really all you can ask for.
NEUT5|You can just ask for the price to continue to build those higher lows, and that's exactly what's still in play after today's price movement.
NEUT6|So this doesn't mean that for sure guaranteed.
BULL7|The price is going to get back up in the one 40s, but at least the price is maintaining above that level and then still showing the signs of progress and I get it me just saying signs of progress.
NEUT8|Those are just words I'm aware, but that's also the great part about charges.
NEUT9|They allow you to take words and then make them much more visual.
NEUT10|So when I say signs of progress, the signs of progress is just staying above that trendline right there, because that does imply that the price to put in those higher lows, and that's what you want to see.
NEUT11|You know, as something like this is start, you know trying to turn itself around now.
NEUT12|The one thing that you do have to be aware of.
NEUT13|Let me actually do this here.
NEUT14|And make that red is that there is a bearish pattern here that has formed and this would be known as you know a bear flag.
NEUT15|So if I get this down here now, let me be very clear.
BEAR16|Just because a pattern is bearish does not mean for sure guaranteed the price is going down.
BULL17|All I'm saying is it needs to be acknowledged that yeah, things are looking good.
BULL18|Yeah, things are showing signs of progress.
NEUT19|None of that is not true, but it's also potentially being a threat of, you know, is this thing ultimately just going to break back down to the downside?
NEUT20|So really, that's the main dynamic in my mind that I and I think a lot of other traders are watching that, so I'm.
NEUT21|I'm confident that many other traders have notice this pattern.
NEUT22|It's not like I'm the only person in the world that knows what a bear flag looks like, so I'm sure there's going to be people watching that area and wondering the same exact thing.
NEUT23|So if the price does break to the downside, you know that very well could create some self of self fulfilling prophecy type selling.
NEUT24|But we'll see what happens with the got the bear flag, but we'll see if the price can try to keep on fighting against it and ultimately you know work its way back to the upside.
NEUT25|First off thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar.
NEUT27|Web class training workshop, online event.
NEUT28|Whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL30|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans.
BEAR33|Making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way, this becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT36|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT37|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT38|Click the image on the screen or click the.
NEUT39|Link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT41|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
