BULL0|"""Encompass is making its Wall Street debut."
NEUT1|The company says it is changing the way real estate is sold and Robert Frank joins us now with a look into the secret to Compass is growth and it has been quite remarkable to watch the ride of Robert Redford, who founded that company now only several years ago.
NEUT2|I remember when he first came on the show, Robert.
BULL3|Yeah, no, an incredible rise and just an incredible story.
BEAR4|For Rifkin as well compass though pricing its IPO now at $18.00 a share that was originally expected at 23 to $26, also reducing shares being sold.
BEAR5|So it will now be raising about half of the 900,000,000 it originally projected its market value, falling from about 10 billion to around 7 billion, though could be slightly higher if you include employee options investors starting now to question with their compass is truly a tech company.
NEUT6|Or more of a traditional real estate firm Anna Focus Now, and whether it has been growing by outspending competitors for agents, and whether that is sustainable and look at its operating losses totaling 900,000,000 since 2018, it says in its SEC filing that we may not achieve or sustain profitability, gives agents a larger share of Commission than other firms over 80%, and it is paid bonuses of six or seven figures to attract those top brokers now.
BULL7|Compass has nearly quadrupled the number of principal agents overall agents now to 19,000, with revenues growing by about the same amount.
BEAR8|Now if you look at a lawsuit filed by Religijny, it claims Compass is stealing client information listings and trade secrets.
NEUT9|And offers compensation packages to competitors employees and real estate agents that are so inflated.
NEUT10|Compass is sure to operate at a loss and not just the short term compass calling those claims an that lawsuit, part of a war of misinformation, Andrew will have to see later today when those shares actually start trading how investors feel about this.
NEUT11|Robert, you have hit on what has been the big question around campus since its founding.
NEUT12|Whether it really is a technology company or whether it is a more of a classic real estate company.
NEUT13|And again, the economics of that growth plan.
NEUT14|As you said, they have spent an enormous amount of money attracting agents all across the country.
NEUT15|And you know what?
NEUT16|The sustainability of that looks like.
NEUT17|Thank you for the report.
NEUT18|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT19|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
