NEUT0|"""It's clear this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, with another week in the books here, want to get more so just an overall pattern here, mapped out that I think a lot of people will be watching and not necessarily an overall pattern, but more so an overall trend line.
NEUT5|So before I do this I want to make very clear I'm not trying to come across like this is some sort of special talent that I have or that this is some sort of great discovery to draw this red line.
NEUT6|I assure you a lot of people out there that use charts, understand charts have drawn this very same tread line, and that's important because when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want, it can certainly produce some very dynamic movements.
NEUT7|And the level here that a lot of people are going to be watching moving forward is this red line right here?
NEUT8|I mean, it's really starting to get itself quite the track record of presenting a problem, and when you have lots of people watching, I'm not trying to say anything is guaranteed, but my point here is this.
NEUT9|It's more than valid.
BEAR10|It's more than rational to think that if the price works its way up to that area and then gets the breakup through it that break in and of itself could create quite a bit of upside buying pressure.
NEUT11|And if that level does is broken, especially if it's a high volume break, then the next level that you gotta think is not guaranteed, but it's definitely in play is going to be right up here at one 2150 Mark.
NEUT12|So actually let me just change that.
NEUT13|Differentiated a little bit so there we go, so again step number one is going to be the prices.
NEUT14|Gotta break above that trendline and then step #2 is the price you know done has to get up to that one 2150 market.
NEUT15|If you can break up through there, well then again that's one of those areas that a lot of people will be watching and you could just create that much more upside buying pressure now.
NEUT16|As far as areas of support and concern in the near term, the level to watch closely is going to be down here at that area of one 1785 and F1.
NEUT17|Seventeen 85 cannot hold up.
BEAR18|That's going to kind of put a damper on this pattern because that could very well send it down to that pink line there.
NEUT19|Which is the 200.
NEUT20|Moving average, and that's currently valid.
NEUT21|It will just call it right around the 1:15 thirty mark.
NEUT22|So keep writing these dynamics moving forward into next week and let's see if the pricing ultimate the break of these resistance areas or not.
NEUT23|First off thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT24|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss.
BULL25|Including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT26|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT27|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR28|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT29|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT30|And yeah, the third key when you hear it.
NEUT31|Sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT33|That is again totally live.
NEUT34|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions.
NEUT37|"Let me know if not I'll be seeing you soon."""
