NEUT0|"""Hi everybody, what you're looking at is my computer screen and I pulled up an article from Yesterday's Wall Street Journal."
NEUT1|Index funds are the new Kings of Wall Street.
NEUT2|This is kind of a big deal in the investment industry because.
NEUT3|For decades, actively managed funds had assets under management that dwarfed those of index funds.
NEUT4|So let's step back for a second just to find an index fund versus an actively managed fund, an index fund.
NEUT5|This particular article about U.S. equity indexes or U.S. stock index is maybe the most well known would be the S&P 500.
NEUT6|So in S&P 500 index fund.
NEUT7|Will have a sole objective of producing performance that mirrors or works in lockstep with the S&P 500, less a little bit of expenses associated with managing the fund.
NEUT8|An actively managed fund, on the other hand.
NEUT9|Will have a different objective and objective of outperforming in there.
NEUT10|In our example, the S&P 500.
NEUT11|They'll have manager manager or management team that will be charged with doing various types of analysis to try and identify opportune moments to buy and sell stocks and determine which stocks to buy and sell.
NEUT12|So this is kind of a stark contrast in the way an index fund is managed versus an actively managed fund.
NEUT13|I happen to believe in a third approach, kind of a hybrid approach that takes the best of, in my opinion the best of indexing, which is broad diversification at all times and intensely watching and controlling costs to keep them low but.
NEUT14|What it doesn't do, my particular approach that I like what it doesn't do, is have the commitment, the obligation to slavishly follow the performance.
BEAR15|In our example of the S&P 500, their performance will stray because the composition of the fund.
NEUT16|Won't exactly replicate the index, and So what this does for managers, it's liberating, and it gives them opportunities to opportunities to patiently buy and sell stock Santa overweight or underweight.
NEUT17|The composition Visa V the index that that it's following.
NEUT18|The nuts and bolts on how this is accomplished are impossible to get into in a quick two or three minute video, but on my YouTube channel I do have a section called Deeper Dive and shortly I'll be posting a longer video that will get more into that, but in the interim, if you're interested in learning more, feel free to shoot me a message or an email, give me a call, I'll put a link to this particular article below and I love to love to talk about it with you more.
BULL19|"Thanks for watching and be well everybody."""
