NEUT0|"""When extra emerging market currencies to give us some pointers, we're joined by Patrick's Wifel chief economist for Pictet Asset Management."
NEUT1|Allopatric hello.
BULL2|So I think the main reason behind the rally in emerging market currencies this year is the rebound in commodity prices, and also the expectation that the Federal Reserve won't be raising US interest rates as fast or as far as expected.
NEUT3|But I think you make a claim for sort of thinking about the emerging market households, the domestic economy when we're thinking about currencies.
BULL4|Absolutely correct, I think as you mentioned, I think what has been missing so far in the M was clearly the fact that the macro factors haven't helped yet to support EM currencies.
BULL5|Clearly, what's what we'd like to see is a recovery in activity coming either from Exxon and amount or from household spending.
BULL6|What has been neglected so far, at least by the market, is this strong possibility of having better also spending in the second half of the year.
NEUT7|I think you've got a couple of charts here which help illustrate some of the factors which might boost those domestic households.
NEUT8|So what are we looking at here?
NEUT9|So we're looking at here.
NEUT10|It's one of the supports that for household spending which comes from the fiscal policy and what you have on that precise chart is, first of all the red curve which identified the evolution of activity.
NEUT11|So real GDP relative to potential growth rate.
NEUT12|So our first message, which I think is important, is that that red curve had actually been below this.
BEAR13|Zero threshold for the past 15 quarters, meaning that they've been below potential, and that no stimulative economic policies have been adopted since 2010.
NEUT14|Actually, it had been quite restrictive for this entire period, and it's only since last year, so 2015 that actually M economies have become more stimulative on their fiscal side.
NEUT15|If you look at that at that bar, actually pretty much corresponds to the kind of magnitude in terms of stimulus.
NEUT16|That had been adopted back in 2008, so that apps in terms of government spending tax cuts started to flow a little more easily at the end of last year.
NEUT17|And I think you've got another chart here which gives us sort of a broader picture of retail sales.
NEUT18|Overall, absolutely, this chart shows for emerging markets as well, which is the red line, the evolution of retail sales.
BEAR19|So a pretty good indicator of what households are actually spending, and we've seen that decline starting in 2013 from from a pace of growth close to 10%.
NEUT20|Choose something which is now closer to 5%.
BEAR21|Most of this decline has actually come from commodity exporting countries whose growth is now in negative territory, while manufacturers have became rather stable and the attention is on this little pick up at the bottom there for the commodity price.
BULL22|Well, that would be that's it's hard to say whether it's the beginning of a new trend, but clearly the fiscal fiscal accommodation that we've seen before is likely to support a rebound in.
BULL23|Exporting countries with more accommodative monetary policy as well and the manufacturers should actually benefit from the same kind of more accommodative monetary policy.
NEUT24|So this is for the channel coming from economic policies.
BULL25|But then, if you look at shorter term determinants of household spending, namely labor market conditions, they are actually improving in both areas as well.
BULL26|So it's not just exports we might see some domestic demand helping.
NEUT27|These emerging markets on as well.
BULL28|Thank you very much, Patrick.
BULL29|Thank you very much.
BULL30|"Was pleasure being here."""
