NEUT0|"""Hello and welcome to the cryptocurrency news channel."
BULL1|So decent news for Cardano.
NEUT2|It's been added to the Bloomberg Terminal.
NEUT3|This is a professional trader service from be in crypto, but about 20 other outlets of the reported as well, and the Bloomberg Terminal is one that's actually used by professional traders that cost a whopping $24,000 a year to actually use now.
NEUT4|This may not like this isn't like a big development for Cardano.
NEUT5|It's not like a technological breakthrough.
NEUT6|It's not a partnership, nothing like that, and I'm not claiming that, but it is important because it does give your coin exposure an exposure we know is very important in boron's, like when your coin has big news.
NEUT7|The more exposure your corners has to investors that easier they can actually invest in, the easier they can get information on it.
NEUT8|The more your coin will grow and the Bloomberg Terminal is a big terminal.
NEUT9|Amit in terms of.
NEUT10|Traditional finance, so there's a lot of exposure there to investors that don't really know about Cardano.
NEUT11|Many crypto investors may only still know about Bitcoin, and they could want to actually know about other altcoins.
NEUT12|And now, since Cardano's on the Bloomberg Terminal, they might be interested in Cardano, especially when Alonzo comes out like there might be a bigger pump because of things like Bloomberg Terminal.
NEUT13|So for right now, like very very short term, I don't think it impacts the price of Cardano much because there's nothing.
BULL14|Extremely exciting in the next two weeks for an at least in my opinion.
NEUT15|I don't know of any information.
NEUT16|However, when in two months once the Alonzo 4 comes out, once defy comes out once like NFT comes out on JDA, this could be very very big because you know, like Cardano or polka dot ones on the Bloomberg, I don't actually know polka dots on there or not, but like ones on the terminal, ones not, they're going to choose the one on the terminal 'cause they can actually have access to it easier.
NEUT17|So like the more of these traditional.
NEUT18|Finance on the on ramps that, like the Bloomberg Terminal Data Project, has, the more it could actually pump with future news.
NEUT19|And that's why I think Cardano could actually you know, like possibly if we were extremely extremely optimistic overtake E TH during this moron.
NEUT20|Probably not though, but if Cardano can get like half of what he teaches in terms of market cap, you look at 33 billion versus 205 million.
BULL21|I think Cardano could actually triple get to about 100,000,000.
NEUT22|He teaches at 200 and I think that's.
BULL23|Really good competition.
NEUT24|Remember like all these main may may not.
NEUT25|Including Cardano plot scale much better than ETHI don't really think the rollups thing will entirely solved.
BEAR26|The TH is scaling problem.
NEUT27|You still have to convince just about everyone to adopt it and that's we that we know is a very very hard task.
NEUT28|But you know like putting it on the Bloomberg Terminal gives it some parity and exposure with Bitcoin, Ethereum and that's why it's very important.
NEUT29|I'm part of the reason that Bitcoin is so much above.
NEUT30|Everything else is because of its exposure.
NEUT31|Everyone knows the brand name.
NEUT32|Cardano can get on these traditional terminals sooner or later.
BULL33|It can challenge that brand name of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and perhaps it can be on parity with them in a couple of years, so that's pretty good news for Cardano, another on ramp into professional investors.
NEUT34|You should be excited about this.
BULL35|This makes me even more excited about the Lonzo Fork, the smart contracts, and the fine 'cause that could actually make Cardano moved me more because of developments like this.
NEUT36|So that is, and that is the news for today.
NEUT37|Let me know where you think like a subscribe and hit that Bell notifications button.
BULL38|"Thank you and have a nice day."""
