BEAR0|"""A recent Bloomberg report states that Bitcoin BTC is preparing for a massive bull run."
BULL1|Even the report's name is bullish Bitcoin maturation leap.
NEUT2|The report mentions a number of reasons that the Bitcoin market is maturing and that it is due for a bull run.
BULL3|It also affirms that Bitcoin is gaining relative fuel as stocks reset.
NEUT4|If history is a guide.
BULL5|Furthermore, Bloomberg says that Bitcoin and gold both considered hedge assets, are expected to win the most from the recent COVID-19 induced market turmoil.
BULL6|Bitcoin and gold also stand to be primary beneficiaries of the unprecedented monetary stimulus that's accompanied by a mean reverting stock market.
BULL7|It also observes that bitcoins correlation to gold has increased to all time highs, concluding this year will confirm Bitcoin's transition from a risk on speculative asset to the crypto markets version of gold.
NEUT8|The report reiterates that 2020 will be the year when Bitcoin becomes digital gold.
BULL9|This year marks a key test for bitcoins transition toward a quasi currency like gold.
BULL10|And we expect it to pass according to the Bloomberg report, the inception of Bitcoin futures has tamed the raging Bitcoin bull market at the same time it says increasing futures, open interest, declining volatility and relative outperformance.
BULL11|Despite the stock market shakeout indicates Bitcoin is maturing from a speculative crypto asset toward a digital version of gold.
BEAR12|The report says that we can expect Bitcoin volatility to continue to decrease.
BEAR13|This is significant since the all time low volatility in October 2015.
BEAR14|Marked the beginning of the bull market, the Bloomberg report asserts that Bitcoin is undervalued relative to some key indicators.
BEAR15|For instance, on April 2nd, one of the indicators pointed to the $9000 Bitcoin price versus the actual $6600.
BULL16|It also states that those metrics support the transitioning of Bitcoin to digital gold, increasing addresses support bitcoins, transition toward a digital version of gold, with central banks around the world pouring trillions of dollars.
NEUT17|"Into the economy 2020 may be the year when Bitcoin becomes the new digital gold for the digital economy."""
