NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, December 20th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, large corporations invested in NIO stock alright, let's get started an IO.
NEUT2|Is there electric automobile manufacturer that specializes in developing premium electric vehicles.
BEAR3|Its stock has been on fire since the beginning of March 2020, in fact over 200,000,000 of NIO stock are traded every day.
NEUT4|When we look closer into NIO we see that 45% of all NIO stocks are held by large corporations.
NEUT5|Of the three billion, 81, million, 600 and 49,787 stocks of NIO, large investors hold 490 million forty 3298 three large corporations invested in NIO include Tencent.
BULL6|Tencent Holdings Limited is one of the world's largest Internet companies, and has developed a reputation for moving billions of dollars into numerous startup ventures.
NEUT7|Tencin currently holds 137.2 million share, which translates to a 13.4% stake.
NEUT8|Baillie Gifford Bailey Gifford, the second largest Holder of Tesla stock, currently has 85.3 million shares, which accounts to 11.4% stake in NIO.
NEUT9|BlackRock Investments currently has 53 million, 300 and 33,635 shares of NIO, which accounts for 24% stake in NIO and off the Wall, Fact, Blackrock's head of sustainable investing is currently within the Biden administration.
NEUT10|His job will entail offering Biden clean air alternatives for the future, since BlackRock is so invested in NIO.
NEUT11|He might suggest an IO as one of the alternatives for the future time will only tell.
NEUT12|Why are large corporations so invested in NIO stock?
NEUT13|Simple put Nio can't lose an IO is located in China, which is the largest market for electric vehicles.
NEUT14|China plans to ban fossil fuel vehicles in the next five years and rely solely on electric transportation.
BULL15|The Chinese government is highly invested in NIO success.
BULL16|The Chinese government is currently providing subsides to encourage consumer spending on NIO vehicles.
NEUT17|Thus, the Chinese government is not only backing, but promoting NIO as a company that consumers should invest their money into.
BULL18|Battery swap will become the standard for all electric vehicles in China moving forward, which means more gains for NIO since they are the number one purveyor of the battery swap model.
BULL19|If that is not enough, NIO has expanded to Europe, which is the second largest market for electric vehicles.
NEUT20|Adding up all these fundamentals, large corporations know that NIO will be a force to be reckoned with in the next 5 to 10 years.
BULL21|They know that NIO is the future and their return on investment will triple in value.
NEUT22|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT23|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT24|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL25|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT26|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT27|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
