NEUT0|"""Hello everybody and welcome to Paradigm City where our focus is on the financial."
NEUT1|My name is Matthew an as always, if you'd like to get free stock through the Robin Hood Markets app then just click the link below in the description & up to begin buying, selling and trading stocks for free today.
NEUT2|Remember you have a one in 150 chance of getting Berk Shire, Hathaway, Facebook or even Apple stocks, so that's not bad.
NEUT3|Alright, let's get started.
NEUT4|Then today we're looking at Gold Corp ticker symbol GG at a size of around 1.43 billion in total.
NEUT5|Current assets.
NEUT6|Gold Corp engages in the exploration, development and production of gold and mineral resource properties.
NEUT7|After looking around through several sources, a Motley Fool article had this to say.
NEUT8|It's gold mine segment deals with gold properties in the Dominican Republic, Chile, Canada, Argentina and its wholly owned.
NEUT9|Pensa Quinto mine in Mexico, which according to Goldcorp's estimates, holds 9.9 million ounces of proved and probable reserves.
NEUT10|Last year, Goldcorp produced 2.57 million ounces of gold and holds a whopping 41.8 million ounces in reserve.
BULL11|That's worth an astonishing 52 billion at current gold prices, the company expects to strengthen its stockpile significantly over the next few years, with its goal to in 2021 with 50 million ounces in reserve as it continues to increase output.
BULL12|Overall, the company estimates it has more than 43 million ounces of additional gold resources across its existing portfolio, which it hopes to prove to the market.
BULL13|OK, 50 million ounces equates to 1562 tons of gold, which would put them in the same League as some of the top gold storing countries like Japan and even Switzerland.
BULL14|Now that's impressive.
NEUT15|There was also this coming out of simply Wall DST.
BULL16|Profits are predicted to increase by 21 point 7% next year against the past five year, average growth rate of negative 18.7%.
NEUT17|If you take into account the current volatility in the stock market, which could eventually lead to a sharp rise in gold prices.
BULL18|Undervalued stocks such as Goldcorp could be a very sound investment.
BULL19|The company's five year plan not only puts it on pace to increase production and reserves by 20%, but would also cut production costs by the same percentage.
BULL20|That will make it an even more profitable producer, just at current gold prices alone, which could create tremendous wealth for its investors.
BULL21|Taking all of these key factors into account, has this investor bullish on Gold Corp stock moving forward, especially after looking at its competitors such as Iamgold, Kinross, Barrick and others which I will be making videos for in the future as we continue to take a look at stocks that could shine during a recession.
NEUT22|That's a quick look at Gold Corp.
NEUT23|Links to articles or down below, as well as a link to the Robin Hood app.
NEUT24|If you found this video helpful then please don't forget to like and subscribe or leave me a comment down below.
NEUT25|Again, I am Matthew here in Paradigm City.
BULL26|"Hoping you negotiate the markets and wishing you success in all of life's positive investments."""
