NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions."
NEUT1|January 1st.
NEUT2|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions Anio Apple Partnership rumors heating up all right let's get started.
NEUT3|The rumors of Nio Apple Partnership are heating up into the new year.
NEUT4|Although Apple's interest in cars goes back to the days when Steve Jobs ran the company this year could be year that Apple finally delves into automobile field.
BULL5|Full on Apple is finally moving forward with plans for its own self driving vehicle by 2023, according to Apple's official report.
BULL6|Apple has progressed enough that we aim to build a vehicle for consumers.
NEUT7|Apple's goal of building a vehicle for consumers with rivals companies such as Tesla and GM, the closet that Apple has got into building cars was there Robo taxis to carry passengers for a driverless ride hailing service.
NEUT8|Given the events of 2020, it is not released to think that Apple will meet its vehicle production goals.
NEUT9|The automobile industry is a multi billion dollar business that requires hundreds of 1,000,000 just to even make a dent within the industry.
NEUT10|Thus a partnership deal is more on the side of realism.
NEUT11|Recently, a major Apple executive was seen at Nio's headquarters in Santa Monica.
NEUT12|Rumors are that the executive met with Anio Big heads to work out some kind of collaborative deal in the future.
BULL13|An IO can provide Apple with a strong footing in the automotive field as well as head start within the electric vehicle field that is set to increase by 45% this year, according to Wall Street analysts, Apple will more than likely partner with an EV affiliate, then start building its own vehicles.
NEUT14|Factories given the margin and financial implications down the road, Apple already has their hands full with in the tech field and they devoting all their resources into that sector.
BEAR15|If Apple jumps into the auto field, we believe their tech sector will suffer due to strains of competing with companies like Tesla.
BULL16|Wall Street believes the odds of a strategic partnership are as high as 70%.
NEUT17|Let's continue to watch for developments in this area.
NEUT18|That's what's been happening this week in the world of Neo.
NEUT19|Stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT20|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT21|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL22|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT23|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT24|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
