BEAR0|"""I don't want to rain on anybody's parade, especially not when the SNP hitting at all time high today, showing it there's poor participation, the move, and I'm not telling you gotta bail on some of the great growth stocks at the time of which these are included."
NEUT1|However, I do want you to look over your portfolio and do some critical thinking about how many of 2020's best performers you really want to own versus the ones that are performing well in 2021 as the second quarter gets rolling.
BULL2|I think this market will become even kinder to the industrials.
BEAR3|And by the way, the banks and even less hospitable to tech and healthcare remember.
BEAR4|I don't want you getting blown out of this market 'cause you're experiencing heavy losses.
NEUT5|In great companies like these.
NEUT6|When you see these counter trend rallies like we got today and perhaps tomorrow, I think you need to think of them as opportunities to reposition.
NEUT7|You have to sell all your high flying tech names.
NEUT8|That would be a big mistake, but if your portfolio only contains companies that look like this with big sales growth and not a lot of earnings, you might want to sell some of them and swap into what's working.
NEUT9|Look, I know you could argue it's better to own a unity.
BULL10|What a great company crowd strike.
NEUT11|We have them on their fantastic Zendesk, you know I like them.
NEUT12|RingCentral how fantastic are there then some dirty old iron company you would have been absolutely right last year but 2021 is a whole new market that once again is playing by the old institution rules that bottle so many amateur investors and 1st timers.
NEUT13|Here's the bottom line.
NEUT14|Money managers don't care about the most exciting long term growth stories like the ones that are behind me.
NEUT15|They want the companies that can deliver the biggest upside surprises right here like Cleveland Cliffs.
NEUT16|Anifah in a booming economy that means owning boom and bust cycles.
NEUT17|Like CLF and not the stocks of companies that may represent future growth or may not depending upon their execution and the execution of their competitors.
NEUT18|Don't miss a second of mad money.
NEUT19|Follow at Jim Cramer on Twitter.
NEUT20|Have a question?
NEUT21|Tweet Cramer hashtag mad tweets send Jim an email to mad money at cnbc.com or give us a call at one 807 four three CNBC.
NEUT22|Miss something head to madmoney.cnbc.com.
NEUT23|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT24|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
