BULL0|"""I mean, I think we're in a situation where we need to do something to sort of bolster confidence or support confidence, even if it's the share market."
BEAR1|I mean, I think as we saw last week, there was a risk that if central banks don't step in at least talking about offering support, the markets could just feed on themselves.
BEAR2|You know, you just get this negative spiral in the equity market 'cause we all know the the news on the economic front is going to be pretty bad.
NEUT3|At least the next few weeks if not months and so.
NEUT4|The Fed and the RBA of just putting grain in the grain and the machine that sand in the machine to sort of least give people who want to short the market and slam the market something to think about.
BULL5|So if anything, it may not stop the market declines, but it may.
NEUT6|Sort of, you know, slow the market declines.
NEUT7|Hi David, it's Matt here in Singapore.
NEUT8|Is this the start of more coordinated central bank action?
NEUT9|From right around the world were just talking about the Fed, but are we going to see other moves from the likes of the ECB and BOJ as well?
NEUT10|And how aggressive do you think any monetary policy changes from these central banks will be?
BULL11|Yeah, look, I think we will.
BEAR12|I mean obviously the problem around the world is that many central banks already have interest rates at like 0 and I think the evidence from Japan and Europe is that negative interest rates aren't that helpful.
NEUT13|I mean what they probably will announces some you know, renewed QE quantitative easing buying up debt.
NEUT14|I mean whether that.
NEUT15|Again I think what we the game we're playing at the moment is not so much that lower rates can directly help stimulate spending, but it's the indirect psychological impact on.
NEUT16|On if if markets and investors and consumers think that the central banks are aware of the risks and are trying their best to sort of support the economy, you know that's better than nothing.
NEUT17|So it's really a cycle psychology game at the moment, rather than I think, further moves necessarily directly contributing to growth because it is getting pretty tenuous that they can actually offer much support at the moment.
NEUT18|But just in answer your question, yes, I think we will see maybe not coordinated and that they all do it at once overnight, because they obviously the RBA went today.
NEUT19|Maybe the Fed?
NEUT20|You know some talk.
NEUT21|the Fed could go as early as tonight, but possibly they may still wait for their meeting to move and probably by 50.
NEUT22|And I think central banks around the world may go at their next appointed policy meeting rather than you know all at once overnight.
NEUT23|Hey everybody, it's Hadley.
NEUT24|Gamble from our new CNBC Middle East Bureau in Abu Dhabi.
BULL25|Thanks for stopping by.
NEUT26|"Now to watch more you can try one of the videos that just popped up on your screen and don't forget to subscribe."""
