NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, February 25th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions regulating, GameStop will help NIO stock.
BEAR2|Alright, let's get started long before an army of small investors buying shares of GameStop shocked Wall Street regulators saw the need for a clearer real time view of the trillions of dollars that slush through the markets each day as a result of GameStop NIO, another stocks within its field have dipped to more than 3 to 8% Wall Street.
BEAR3|Corporations are currently fighting for a regulation on stocks like GameStop as they are affecting the overall market and its values.
BEAR4|But this is not the first time the GameStop effect has happened to the market.
BEAR5|In May 2010, a trader in London using an algorithm to manipulate a futures market helped trigger a chain reaction that wiped 9% off the Dow Jones industrial average in minutes.
BULL6|The market quickly recovered, but that flash crash underscored regulators urgent need for a tool that would allow them to pinpoint who was buying and selling what securities down to the millisecond.
BEAR7|Equipping them to monitor a business already transformed by the explosion of computerized trading more than a decade later, industry resistance and bureaucratic snags have conspired to leave that database, known as the Consolidated Audit Trail.
BEAR8|Years behind schedule and a shell of what regulators originally envisioned, advocates of stronger financial oversight say now the systems limitations will make it harder for Wall Street's Washington meinders to make quick sense of the turmoil still rocking the markets.
NEUT9|And with the GameStop furer regulators face a growing list of questions over the potential use of social media to manipulate stock trading, the adequacy of online brokers, capital reserves and the need for hedge funds to disclose more about their Holdings regulations on the way the SEC.
NEUT10|Declined to comment at the moment about putting a regulation on stocks like GameStop.
NEUT11|A spokesperson for the Cats Operating Committee said it is not a shell and it is being built exactly to what the SEC has mandated with no decrease in its scope.
NEUT12|It is currently being built and will not include all customer data until July of 2022.
NEUT13|Regulators aren't waiting for an authorative timeline of the market frenzy, apparently initiated by amateur traders.
BEAR14|Organizing on the Reddit forum, regulators face questions about whether the apparently amateur trading crowds activities amounted to illegal market manipulation and if sophisticated professionals used the cloak of online anonymity to Stoke the frenzy.
NEUT15|The SEC already is sifting through social media and message boards for evidence of such efforts, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday.
NEUT16|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT17|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT18|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL19|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT20|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT21|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
