BULL0|"""I think that for the moment we asked you expecting more America as resolved at the LPR cut would be more than MF cut for the rest of the year."
BULL1|And on top there we are actually seeing more.
BULL2|We will see more aggressive credit easing's including shadow banking credit.
NEUT3|Is that encouraging for you or is that a worry?
BEAR4|Because now it seems like all that talk about China is hardline.
NEUT5|Hard landing with a soft landing is coming to the fore again for the medium term, which means there for the next four to six quarters.
NEUT6|Is a positive news, but obviously is a long term damage for the China's financial sustainability and but what are you expecting now that we have these two moves in conjunction, how long will it take to actually filter through to economic performance is quite likely that we will see only from April onwards and then for next month.
BEAR7|Overall we are going to see a very weak activity as well, even though it's better than February and just how weak, because this gets into the debate over whether or not we're going to see a V shaped recovery.
NEUT8|As many of the market currently anticipate, or something perhaps not as favorable, visha is certainly true, but things are now market debates over how deep is the V and we are talking about.
BULL9|I think my number will be about 3.5% to 4%, but some of the other market participants are talking about 1 to 2%, but the second quarter we are definitely see a rebound and the question might be above 6 or above 66 point 3%.
NEUT10|And what's the different rating factor among those who are forecasting?
NEUT11|Do you think it's?
NEUT12|Expectations of when factories will fully come on line rather than expectations of stimulus because expectations of stimulus there seems to be consensus around that your expectation of stimulus, as I said earlier, will actually started kicking from April, so it's not a question of a stimulus is many questions about logistics disruption, production, disruption for the moment, and also how fast the Chinese actually can go back to work with me.
NEUT13|And in that V shaped rebound, you're also breaking it down between the rebound consumption versus the rebound in manufacturing.
NEUT14|How do you see those sectors panning out?
NEUT15|I mean individually?
BEAR16|Personally, I think that China is going to go for old style stimulus, so the consumption of services sector in recovery will be slower, especially services services sector.
BULL17|But on the other hand that industrial production and infrastructure investment going to be rebound rather quickly starting late April.
NEUT18|Sorry late March early April.
NEUT19|Hi, I'm Emily tannan.
NEUT20|Thanks for watching CNBC.
NEUT21|You can check out more of our videos by clicking on the boxes on the screen.
NEUT22|And don't forget to subscribe to the channel for more.
BULL23|"Thanks for watching."""
