BULL0|"""Well guys yeah Pam Nebbio conquer chart open key, overhead or optic secure charter manipulation pay up trendline trocchio edges help."
BEAR1|Screen predicts up to or your pay is uptrend line question Elmo stood in Payless Neck break out the oven nitzschke throb show bearish signal out ahead.
NEUT2|All the help desk to almost make bulls on 460 or 450 say most of it red car at 382 Muslim more than 10 to 15 person come down for lamania by convatec nimura him again.
NEUT3|I'm looking up attire to young pick up trendline to scope record the overhead.
NEUT4|My bulls apology a bearish signal him or in that second reason algorithm look they can get to your payment.
NEUT5|Take 200 MA line Troche overhead MMM moving average or hamishegi other Ricky.
NEUT6|Moving average coffee are important, but I have Virgin you put it traders, investors be mostly moving average.
NEUT7|We use Cartagena or 200 MHR.
NEUT8|Prefer to him to be stalker.
NEUT9|Got 200 McKinney chat apologetic, his stock, bearish movement of metalogy Jesse up screen predicted by Cornell.
NEUT10|Most 200 chemical injoy break out the hour nitzschke throw the marbles of GBH blob bearish signal head up Casey com carnivore behind the hardware.
NEUT11|Update there because just because.
NEUT12|Drain line complete cold day after 200 me could record the initiator of it.
NEUT13|Doesn't mean that, blindly.
NEUT14|Short Carnahan those click cash strategy initiative we have disconnected the subphylum but ODU jobbie by Contrade Kare Ki Coffee.
NEUT15|Important level because most of the time market showing us a bounce back to a girl summer DJ Harper buying a theab right bullishness or theater.
BULL16|This summer market joining us, it bounce back cursor to her licking somebody J is level, Lumia Pebbles Account 375 K equal level at other 375 call level breakout date ahead by only cheater of animal is Summerfield say to OPKO fears Amazon Chunga 360 K levels.
NEUT17|Nickname meals up there to Yael most mobile system for say more than five to 10% Downfall in our pay by Convatec name music tile licking.
NEUT18|Your problem is you did not work I 375 or 380 cultures sooner support Sonos cover sustained Cartagena to him.
BEAR19|A nickname is attacking marketing RP Banares activate Odin Clear Bunga Agar sideways maritime market toward pick which become with TJ because I've come up in a profit over non law Soga or get up options may come.
NEUT20|Caruso AKA Premium Deco jaga to the Kia is level Kubo sustained Cartagena other system naccarato or nature, bike on deck.
NEUT21|Meals at that to terrorists.
NEUT22|Taco watchlist.
BULL23|"Marocain other momentum at a top definitely calm perspective, so guys, thank you, have a nice day."""
