NEUT0|"""It's clear in this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Well, after today a couple of very well defined levels have really made themselves known, especially from the resistant side of things.
NEUT5|Now I've talked about this in past videos, and even if you have a basic understanding of charts, I'm sure this is not going to be shocking to you.
NEUT6|But that purple and right there represents the very well known.
NEUT7|The very famous 50.
BEAR8|Moving average, and it already been presenting a lot of problems you can see right there, price got near it, went back down, got an error, it went back down right there, got there, it went back down.
BEAR9|And then this morning once again got near it went back down.
BULL10|And hey, look once again got near it.
NEUT11|Got back, went back down.
NEUT12|So it's kind of bizarre in the sense of it's not like the prices ever even hit the 50 per moving average it, but it just gets up close to it and then rolls back over.
NEUT13|So the point here being is that definitely the main level of resistance that everybody and their you know every breakout player in their brothers Uncle is going to be watching is at 50.
NEUT14|Moving average.
NEUT15|So just continue to watch that from a very simple simplistic point of view in terms of just gauging where the main level is from the resistant side of things and then the level of support that a lot of people going to watch, including myself.
NEUT16|We're going to have long shorts everybody in between watching that level right here at about one sixteen 70 ish give are take.
BULL17|You can see that did a good job of providing support there, providing support there and then with this nasty final 30 minute bearish candle.
NEUT18|The price is now well within striking distance of that area.
NEUT19|So while nothing is guaranteed, my point here is that it's more than valid to think that if the price breaks down through that green line that break right there in and of itself could create quite a bit of downside selling pressure.
NEUT20|Not in the sense of oh, and this thing is going to go down to $100, but.
NEUT21|At least I would think minimum down to that one 1565 ish area, if not even a little bit lower than that.
NEUT22|But we'll see what happens with it, but those are definitely the main technical levels that I'll be watching moving forward, so let's see how this continues to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL26|So being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT32|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT34|That is again, totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT37|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
