BULL0|"""Hello everybody, welcome back to another LCA stock update."
NEUT1|So in this video we're looking at how the stock has been moving over the past week, taking a quick video to reflect on that and then give him my opinions based on what we have seen this week and what I think we will see coming into the next week.
NEUT2|So of course if you do not see our full predictions of this stock video, you'll have to wait until either tomorrow or Sunday where I will be making a full episode giving my personal predictions on how I think this was going to move into the next week.
NEUT3|So of course please do leave a like and subscribe to make sure that you don't miss out on that.
NEUT4|Of course, if you do want to come join us.
NEUT5|On our discord, feel free to, because the link to that is down in that description box as well.
NEUT6|So you will not waste anymore time, we just gotta jump straight into this one and have a quick look at how with the stock has been moving over the past week.
NEUT7|Started off with the past days.
NEUT8|Of course we can see that today has been a day of selling off.
NEUT9|Unfortunately we sought after day in about $24.00.
BEAR10|Unfortunately we've seen a big decrease.
BEAR11|This is taking us down to 2161, so getting a percentage on that spot in nine percent decrease and that is according to Google and it's very sad to see the stock price is down again.
BEAR12|Obviously looking at the five day we can't see that we are in the red for this stock.
BEAR13|All week and if we do have a quick look is very unfortunate to see that because honestly, going between the 17th and 18th, it did look like the stock was going to pop off to new highs.
NEUT14|In fact it was actually in the green for the week.
BEAR15|However, you know that Friday did come along and absolutely ruin it and put us back in that red.
BEAR16|So it's very sad to see that like I said, but obviously that is what we have seen over the past week.
NEUT17|So yeah, zooming out to the one month to get a bit of perspective.
BEAR18|Of course it's not looking good for the stock.
BULL19|So far we are still in the positive for the green, but over the past week from the 15th to the 18th.
NEUT20|Mainly that.
BULL21|It was looking positive and then towards the end of this week it was not looking so positive with a big sell off.
NEUT22|Unfortunately CA given my predictions into this stock for the next week, I would still say yes.
BULL23|I am happy that we have seen this gradual increase upwards.
BULL24|Obviously looks to have slowed down a bit now unfortunately, but I do think next week I would hope to see some positivity on the stocks price.
NEUT25|Now I do understand why the stock has sold off and do you think it is fair and appropriate to see a bit of a healthy sell off here and there?
BULL26|But it's coming to the point where this stock is not as hyped as it once was.
BULL27|Honestly, I kind of do get that as a lot of people have probably taken a decent profit out of this company, but on the same note, you know the merger has not gone through yet and I think leading up some merger, we will definitely see a lot more hype.
BULL28|Hopefully I think it's either going to be before or after the merger, but either way I think we will see some hype in the next few weeks and months and for that reason I will still see this stock has been a long term buy.
NEUT29|Definitely a swing tradeable stock in my opinion because you could potentially hold it right now and you know, hold out until you know the next month or so after the merger has gone through even potentially.
BULL30|I think at that point you'll definitely see some nice profits.
NEUT31|So yeah, like I said, nothing but my opinion.
NEUT32|But that is my opinion on the stocks.
BULL33|I hope you did enjoy the video.
NEUT34|If you did, please do leave a like and subscribe and I will see you in the next one goodbye until that episode.
NEUT35|"See that."""
