NEUT0|"""Hey Janet, this is Ryan with trendlizard.com."
BULL1|I hope you're doing well.
NEUT2|I got the email you sent me with the three tickers we're going to go through, each one starting with CCE, which is the Coca Cola.
NEUT3|European partners stock.
NEUT4|This stock was incepted back in 1986.
NEUT5|We have the data dating back to that point.
BULL6|It's been in a really nice uptrend since then.
NEUT7|It started back at about 2:50.
BULL8|Has gotten its way all the way up to about 55 recently before taking a big step back over the last week or so, so it's had a nice climb, but I'm sure certain.
BULL9|That's probably why you have an eye on it is what's happened over the last week, but we're going to start in big and zoom in from there so at once again, it's been in a nice uptrend.
BULL10|Every up leg that we've seen since its inception, at least on a long term timeframe, has been a really nice trendy move.
BULL11|It had a big pullback off the 1998 high back into the 2000 and.
NEUT12|Atlo this was obviously a big move that subtracted its value from about 35 all the way down to seven and a half, and I'm sure it probably didn't feel like it during that decade.
BEAR13|But this was actually just one big counter trend move, and since then the trend has turned back up off the 2008 low and it just really hasn't looked back until recent action.
BULL14|Even so, this up move continues to look trendy, and it looks like a move that's going to continue in the long term.
BULL15|We still think the long term trend is up, so we're still bullish.
NEUT16|Overall, but if we start zooming in and looking at the more proximate patterns, we can see that it may not be the most ideal time to buy quite yet.
BULL17|So if we look at the advance just off the 2008 low, we do see that every aspect of this move has been trendy, so that's a really bullish solid sign.
NEUT18|So it looks like this is 1 big five wave move that's not yet complete.
NEUT19|The big pullback that we've seen in the past couple weeks appears to be just one big counter trend move that started back off the 2015.
BEAR20|Hi Ann, should find the low at some point soon so our expectation is for CC to find a low above the level 33 somewhere in this yellow area.
BULL21|It's already in it, so as long as it finds a low above 33, we're going to expect CC to reverse its course.
NEUT22|And continue its uptrend sometime in the near future.
NEUT23|So that's what we're looking at there.
NEUT24|If we zoom in and take a look just at the pullback that's taken place, you can see that it does look like a big counter trend move, but there's no good reason to think that this pullback is over yet, so you need to still be very cautious here.
NEUT25|It can still head lower.
NEUT26|Technically it would take a move above 48 to indicate that the low is in, and that this decline is in fact over.
NEUT27|But I don't think we really need to wait that long.
NEUT28|For the sign to indicate that hey, it's time to buy what I'd really like to see is just some type of notable strength emerge before considering a buy here.
NEUT29|It would probably take a move of three or four points to say, OK, this is it.
BEAR30|The low, as in an price has reversed.
NEUT31|I wouldn't consider buying it before you see some kind of bounce just to indicate that this big decline is over.
NEUT32|So I do think it's a buying opportunity.
BEAR33|I do think it could head lower in the near term, so I'd be careful until there's a good sign of strength.
BULL34|But overall, we do believe the long term uptrend will continue.
BULL35|The key is for it to find a low in this pullback somewhere above 33 and then to show some type of notable strength to say hey it's time to get in and go from there, so I hope that's helpful.
NEUT36|Feel free to email me with any follow up questions on this guy, especially if it starts putting together any type of larger bounce.
NEUT37|And if you're curious if it's time to buy I would be more than happy to help you with that.
NEUT38|"So there's the first one I'll get on to the next ticker in just a moment."""
