BEAR0|"""You do see global growth are easing further, but you don't see a recession in the USI."
NEUT1|I'm just wondering which countries you do potentially see a recession for where the warning lights flashing.
BEAR2|Or what we've seen over the last 12 to 18 months in the world economy is is the outsize impact of a slowdown in China on on the broader manufacturing sector globally, but particularly European economy, eurozone economy, and within that, it's Germany that's been most exposed because Germany runs the largest current account surplus has a very large share of exports in GDP, an one particular area of its industrial structure that's left it vulnerable to the weakening in global car sales that have been related to China's.
NEUT3|China's slowdown.
BEAR4|As as you know, auto sales of taking a really big hit on the on the German economy, 4 1/2 percent of German GDP is auto production, so it's really been the eurozone in terms of the major global blocks that that's been that's been vulnerable and obviously that continues to be an issue because we further downgraded China's growth forecast and now we have this new external shock to the eurozone, potentially with a no deal Brexit in the UK.
BEAR5|We think if that happens, if there is a no deal Brexit, we think that could knock a further 0.4 percentage points.
BEAR6|Off of eurozone growth in 2020, we've already downgraded our eurozone forecast by .2 percentage points yesterday.
NEUT7|We think that we could be.
BEAR8|We could be looking another .4 percentage points off of that forecast for 2020 if there's a no deal Brexit in the UK.
BEAR9|So getting getting punched from every direction the eurozone.
NEUT10|So what are we expecting from the ECB on Thursday?
NEUT11|I think the way they've set up expectations, they have to deliver something pretty, pretty punchy.
BULL12|I think it's going to be a combined package of measures, not only movements on the on the deposit rate, with some tearing on reserves to offset the negative impact on banks, but also we think they're going to restart the asset purchase program.
NEUT13|Probably something like 30 billion a month.
BEAR14|It seems that there is a global picture right now of a slowdown in the manufacturing sector, but not only that, just business investment in general here in the US, for example, falling for the first time.
BEAR15|Since 2016, how troublesome is a business investment picture around the world?
NEUT16|Well, what that shows you is that is that firms are not waiting until these trade tariffs.
NEUT17|Sanctions are actually kind of signed, sealed and delivered, and the ink is dry.
NEUT18|They're not waiting for that to happen until they until they scale back on their investment.
BEAR19|We've seen in the UK, for instance, because of the risk of no deal because of the uncertainty about the future relationship.
BEAR20|Business investment has fallen for five or six quarters in succession.
BEAR21|Now in the UK and the US numbers as you just mentioned, have already slowed down.
NEUT22|We've seen it in China as well, so.
BEAR23|This is an area of domestic demand that is very closely linked to to the trade threat, but in the US context, I still don't think that and the manufacturing slowdown is enough to drive a recession.
BULL24|In the US, the consumer is pretty resilient there.
BULL25|The labor market is strong.
BEAR26|Yes, we see a slowdown.
BEAR27|We've got growth in the US slowing to 1.7% in 2020 and it was 2.9 last year, so it's a material slowdown.
NEUT28|But we don't see it.
NEUT29|We don't see it heading heading into recession.
NEUT30|Terry territory.
NEUT31|We don't see the private sector.
BEAR32|"Having run up the sorts of imbalances that you typically see before recessions in the US and on top of that, the federal fiscal policy is still pretty expansionary, so I'm pretty heavily discounting these signals of imminent US recession."""
