NEUT0|"""His claim this be a video chart on ticker symbol TSL a Tesla."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR4|Well, the pattern that I've been talking about the past couple of days finally had a decision and the decision was that the Bears went out, broke down below that green line right there and then you can see overall was quite the bearish day as the price just drifted lower and lower.
NEUT5|So certainly some updates and we made I am going to go ahead and leave this red line out here, just more so from a curiosity sake standpoint.
NEUT6|I think that red line well at some point in the future come back into play, so I'm just going to keep that in the background, but the first update that does need to be made is just based on a foundation rule in charting which states when levels of support are broken and closed below.
NEUT7|They tend to act as resistance and going into the day that 685 mark was that main level of support.
BEAR8|But now that the price has broken down below there, that would be considered an area of resistance, but it's not really relevant right now given the price closed all the way down there.
NEUT9|So I'm going to just this level down to what I would consider a more relevant level of resistance and that's it's right there at the 675 marks on the very near term, 675 will be that first key level and then after that.
NEUT10|You want to keep your eye on that purple line right there.
NEUT11|The 50.
NEUT12|Moving average and then after that is where yes, that overall trend line comes into play.
NEUT13|But the overall trend line right now kind of irrelevant because the price you know clearly still has a couple other hurdles that first need to clear before that level would come into play again.
NEUT14|So keep running those levels from.
NEUT15|Like I said, the.
NEUT16|Resistant side of things and then as far as supports are concerned really.
NEUT17|I think all eyes are going to be down there on 660 which is essentially the value of that pink line there, which on my chart denotes the very well known.
NEUT18|The very famous 200.
NEUT19|Moving average and like said currently valued at 660 and I'm not saying the price is going to be headed down there, but like I said, that's really the price is kind of a no man's land right now and that is going to be the next overall technical area where you can see the last time the price got down around there and write their price.
BULL20|Did a great job of holding strong, so that's going to be a lot.
NEUT21|I think a lot of people will be watching and curious about and rightfully so.
NEUT22|But still a couple days left this week, so let's see how things continue to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again.
NEUT33|Totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT34|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT35|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
