NEUT0|"""Right, let's get to Washington DC for the latest on the stimulus bill that is now through the house."
NEUT1|It did pass a little moment of drama there and we'll ask Anna Edgerton to summarize for us from Washington DC.
NEUT2|What just happened, Anna?
BULL3|Hi Bonnie, yes we finally did pass the $2 trillion economic rescue plan through the House representatives.
NEUT4|There was a little bit of a delay because Thomas Massie, Kentucky Republican, demanded that there actually be a roll call vote.
NEUT5|They got around that though by quickly counting the members of the chamber and deciding that there was in fact a quorum and that he didn't have enough support to make that demand.
NEUT6|So they basically passed it by.
NEUT7|Hearing the the gays in the days in the chamber and that's how they passed a true $2 trillion bill through the House of Representatives.
NEUT8|So I mean obviously the big key here and it is going to be how quickly this turns into action money into the hands of people and businesses.
NEUT9|What's the take of how long before we actually get the next step here?
NEUT10|It depends on the provision.
BULL11|Yeah, there are certain measures that will be able to be enacted quicker than others.
NEUT12|We do expect President Donald Trump to sign this as soon as possible.
NEUT13|Certainly by the end of the day when it comes to the direct payments for individuals, those will go out faster to people who already receive monthly checks from the government.
NEUT14|People who receive Social Security benefits veterans.
NEUT15|It will be a bit longer for those who didn't file a tax return in 2018 or 2019 because the IRS doesn't have the most updated data for them.
NEUT16|For loans to big companies and small businesses, those can go through the Treasury Department.
NEUT17|"In the case of the big companies, the Treasury has 10 days to write those regulations, and for small companies those loans can go through the banks that they already use or through the Small Business Administration."""
