NEUT0|"""Credit traders have set their sights on a new short squeeze target."
NEUT1|What happened?
BULL2|Shares of rocket companies NYSE RKT soared 71% to a new closing high of $41.60 on Tuesday.
BEAR3|So what after igniting short squeezes that helped drive up the prices of companies such as GameStop, NYSE GME, AMC Entertainment and Sundial Growers earlier this year, read its traders appear to have found a new candidate more than 45% of rocket companies freely traded shares were sold short.
BEAR4|As of the market closed on Monday, according to S3 Partners, that was apparently enough to entice members of the Wallstreetbets Reddit group rocket companies shareholders have enjoyed Torrid gains this week.
NEUT5|Image source Getty Images, with its 9.4 million members, Wallstreetbets has the heft to move the prices of certain stocks violently to the upside, at least temporarily.
BULL6|As an example, the group is widely credited for helping to fuel a rally in GameStop that saw the video game retailer's shares rise from $17.25 on January 4th to as high as $483 in January 28th.
BULL7|However, the stock subsequently fell below $40 by February 19th before rallying back above $100 in recent days, now it appears that wallstreetbets traders are once again coordinating their purchases in an attempt to drive up a stocks price, this time with rocket companies as their target.
BULL8|After bullish mentions of rockets surged on Reddit and other social media platforms this week, so too has the stocks trading volumes the surgeon buying in turn, has helped to fuel a greater than 100% rally in rocket stock price since February 25th.
BULL9|Now what what's interesting about this latest move by reddits traders is that unlike GameStop and many of the other stocks they've targeted in the past, rocket companies actually has some solid business fundamentals.
BULL10|The mortgage giant recently delivered strong fourth quarter results, including 144% revenue growth and a 277% rise in net income rock.
BULL11|It was so profitable that it even declared a $1.11 per share special dividend.
NEUT12|So the Bulls may have more justification for battling the Bears betting against rocket companies than they've had in their previous short squeeze attempts.
BEAR13|Nevertheless, traders buying rocket stock at these elevated prices are taking on a lot of risk, as this latest trading on Slack could quickly fizzle out, like many of its predecessors.
NEUT14|This article represents the opinion of the writer who may disagree with the official recommendation position of a Motley Fool premium advisory service where Motley questioning and investing thesis, even one of our own, helps us all think critically about investing and make decisions that help us become smarter, happier.
NEUT15|"Enricher"""
