BULL0|"""Hello and thanks for checking out chartguys.com."
BULL1|We're proud to be one of the most successful technical analysis communities online teaching you the skills to become a more confident, effective an informed trader.
BULL2|Join our community of hundreds of analysts worldwide working together to learn the charts, generate profit and achieve financial independence.
NEUT3|Sign up for a one week free trial.
NEUT4|No credit card required.
BULL5|For access to daily live chart analysis and market coverage, a thriving chat community along with dozens of hours of exclusive educational materials.
BULL6|We look forward to seeing you.
NEUT7|Let's check out some charts.
NEUT8|Everyone looking at the tech sector, Apple and Facebook as well the Bulls in absolute full control on increased volume.
BULL9|Bull Makde cross new all time highs very strong.
NEUT10|Follow through from the dip.
NEUT11|Buying back on Wednesday and there is no doubt and it was actually on Tuesday.
NEUT12|There is no doubt that the Bulls.
BULL13|Are in control, obviously with the new all time high, so on any consolidation we are anticipating some short term healthy consolidation in the near term future and we will be looking for a brief pullback and a higher load will be established and the bull's remaining control weekly time frame after a month of consolidation.
BULL14|Very healthy and looking for follow through close up at the high so far and the Upper Bollinger Band Weekly is resistance to be watching.
NEUT15|That's up at 5897 and we'll see where we close relative to that level at the end of the day tomorrow.
NEUT16|But the Bulls are in control.
NEUT17|Apple is showing why.
BEAR18|With the new all time high as well, but Apple is dealing with the tone, Upper Bollinger Band Resistances.
BULL19|Pulling back from the Upper Bollinger Band three days in a row, but it is ascending rapidly, so the Bulls are still able to hit new all time highs day after day.
NEUT20|The weekly Upper Bollinger Band will see where we close relative to this level tomorrow because we have projected from this Level 3 out of the last four weeks.
BEAR21|So it is a tough resistance that's at 163 thirty seven.
BEAR22|And if we do consolidate tomorrow that is a bearish shooting star candle stick with another week of profit taking.
BULL23|So if there is a little bit of follow through in some healthy bullish consolidation, we will likely reject from that weekly Upper Bollinger Band.
NEUT24|But All in all, the bulls are in control that is affirmed with the tech sector strength as well as the individual.
BULL25|Strength of Apple and Facebook's ready to join the party.
BULL26|Facebook polls are showing up now and breaking the lower highs an now following through with a lot of strength.
NEUT27|So we are looking for an all time high test on Facebook sometime in the next couple of weeks and we have resistance of 171 fifty that broke and we're now just looking at one 7305, one 7343 and one seventy 571-7549 all time high.
BULL28|So as soon as this lower high pattern was broken, that told us the Bulls were ready, they were done there, consolidation, ready to show up.
NEUT29|Will be looking for a bullish Mcdee cross next week and the weekly time frame is just a perfect bull flag waiting for it.
NEUT30|And after this consolidation, there's Arlo set.
BULL31|There's are bullish reversal, candle stick and a close up near the high of the week.
NEUT32|Depending on what happens tomorrow.
NEUT33|But either way, no matter what happens, even if we consolidate, will look for a higher, low and higher high and the bulls to remain in control.
BULL34|So Facebook Bull's looking for a new all time high in the near term future and certainly seeing a lot of strength here to end this week.
BULL35|Increasing bull volume here as well.
BULL36|We're seeing increasing bull volume across the market, which tells us that these bulls are for real on this bounce and we're seeing the S&P 500 itself looked to head back towards the all time high as well.
BULL37|So I appreciate you watching will check back in over the weekend to see how strong a note these tech bulls can finish on.
NEUT38|"See you soon."""
