BULL0|"""China is one of the few countries that has posted positive real GDP growth for the year 2020."
BULL1|China was able to do this in part because it was hit by the virus, first made good progress, containing the virus, and then provided tremendous stimulus through loans to state enterprise companies for infrastructure projects to create jobs for the economy.
NEUT2|One of the interesting things about China is how it impacts different markets in different ways.
NEUT3|What happens in the Chinese economy has a big influence on the oil market, metals, agriculture and flooring exchange take oil.
BULL4|China is a huge consumer of oil and as the Chinese economy has rebounded, their domestic airline travel has come back to full speed even if international travel has not restarted.
BULL5|Oil prices on the world stage have risen back to the $50 plus barrel per territory and this is with some help from China and some help from supply cuts in Saudi Arabia.
BULL6|In the metals market, the comeback of the Chinese economy has created tremendous demand for copper and aluminum.
NEUT7|These are the types of metals you use for infrastructure projects.
BEAR8|Gold has not been as affected by China's comeback.
NEUT9|While China is one of the major countries that buys gold for jewelry along with India, China's impact on gold is much more muted than its impact on industrial metals.
NEUT10|In the agricultural sector, China is the world's largest importer of corn soybeans.
BEAR11|In addition to total demand, it matters how China allocates its purchases between North America and South America back in 2019 with US Chinese trade tensions rising, China curtailed its purchases of US source soybeans with 2021.
NEUT12|It appears the intended allocations will be a little more balance between the US and South America than in 2019.
BEAR13|We note though, that agricultural markets are also being affected in 2021 by a strong La Nina weather event.
BEAR14|This is creating drought like conditions in South America, and some increased precipitation in Australia, both of which could expect the supply of agricultural products.
BEAR15|The lanita means there is a heightened chance of more than usual volatility in agricultural prices in the coming year.
NEUT16|Finally, let's look at exchange rates.
NEUT17|China has a powerful goods exporting manufacturing base, and it is also a country that has various controls over the flow of capital into and out of China.
NEUT18|In countries with less capital controls, capital flows often swap trade flows in terms of the impact on the currency.
NEUT19|With countries with stronger capital controls like China, export growth matters much more for the currency.
BULL20|With the pandemic still going strong in North America and Europe.
BEAR21|Spending on services like tourism and travel have been curtailed and partly replaced with consumer purchases of goods.
BULL22|The shift of goods consumption relative to services has helped the Chinese export boom and this is propelled the Chinese one higher against the US dollar since the summer of 2020.
BULL23|The bottom line is that the rapid Chinese economic rebound has had important impacts under the first set of global markets.
NEUT24|"From oil to metals to agriculture, an FX, I'm blue Puttnam chief economist, CME Group."""
