NEUT0|"""Disney's Investor Day, showcasing its big focus on streaming and also making some announcement announcements, Julia Borsten joins us now with more good morning Julia."
BULL1|Good morning to do well.
BULL2|The key takeaway of those announcements is that Disney's Direct to consumer strategy streaming strategy is working now.
BULL3|It has 137 million subscribers to its direct to consumer services, and it's dramatically increasing its forecast for that direct to consumer streaming business to between 300 and 350,000,000 subscribers by 2024.
BULL4|Now that massive increase in the forecast is driven by Disney Plus, which it says will have between 200.
NEUT5|30 and 260 million subscribers in four years.
BULL6|Now this comes after the company announces that Disney Plus now has nearly 87 million subscribers hitting towards the top end of its growth forecast four years ahead of schedule.
BULL7|Disney also announcing it will raise the price of Disney Plus in the US in March by $1.00 to $8.00 a month.
BULL8|Disney also saying that it will increase its investment in content, which will drive its expenses higher.
BULL9|It forecasts profitability for Hulu and ESPN Plus in fiscal 23.
NEUT10|Disney plus the following year.
NEUT11|Now in the four hour event last hosted last night, the company announced a slew of original content for Hulu for ESPN Plus and particularly for Disney Plus, which it says will have about 100 new titles every year, including ten Marvel series and 10 Star Wars Series Disease CEO Bob JPEG, saying this is all part of the company's reorganization to divide content creation and distribution, and to enable the company to nimbly decide.
NEUT12|Which content should be offered on which platform and when and that flexibility includes releasing animated Raya and the last Dragon in theaters in March and at the same time offering it to Disney Plus subscribers for an additional $30 fee similar to what they did with Mulan.
NEUT13|The company is saying it will do this kind of simultaneous release for some of its films while taking a more traditional theatrical approach for others, and sounds like a lot of its films, including many that were intended for theaters, are going to go straight to Disney Plus.
NEUT14|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT15|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
