NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, my name is Dennis and today we're gonna talk about the Honeywell International with Sticker HOM and it is a super diversified company and I think if you will buy it it will be super safe."
BULL1|Yesterday they published the third quarter a report and it is higher than expected and you can see here that they're not really fall too much from Corona Crisis.
NEUT2|And they're working on lots of things like our space buildings and cities, chemical materials, Industrial Minecrafter, Inc, retail safety, sporting goods and supply chain, and the in the reports they are talking about a four things.
NEUT3|It is aerospace, then it is a Honeywell building technologies, performance materials and technologies do.
NEUT4|And safety and productivity solutions in aerospace.
NEUT5|Nyusha they produce unreal amount of companies like power unions, propulsion engine's environment control systems, integrated avionics, wireless connectivity services, electric power systems, engine controls, our flight safety, communications, navigation, hardware data and software applications, rodar and lots of other things.
NEUT6|Building technologies it is a product and software to lots of electricity.
NEUT7|Things like access control video, fire products, some remote monitoring systems, and actually you can find lots of products of Honeywell on Amazon, like filters, higher fan, some Chairman starts, barcode scanners, some safety products.
NEUT8|I think is this reader selling scanners and computers like Dolphin and City for and these things that used on warehouses and some shops.
BULL9|And I think that the real sector alike aerial products will perform really well after Corona Crisis, so we'll go out from our others and it looks like we will have.
NEUT10|Vaccine in six to 12 months from now, and this talk are related to.
NEUT11|Aircraft business and they're still profitable here you can see a numbers for September $9.7 billion R Space Honeywell Building Technologies, 5.5 performance materials and technologies 6.5 safety and productivity solutions.
BULL12|3.8 then and here you can see perfect gurufocus a charter there profitable and they have some good trends.
BULL13|And they are very good in relationship with investors.
NEUT14|So you can see really nice and smooth buybacks and income growth and dividend growth.
BULL15|I think this talk really good, and maybe it will be a good idea to buy it and hold for next several years.
NEUT16|So I really like to read your comments.
NEUT17|Please write down your thoughts about Honeywell in the comment section and down below.
NEUT18|Don't forget to push like button and subscribe button.
BULL19|"Thank you for watching bye bye."""
