NEUT0|"""Donald Trump wants to get back on social media."
BEAR1|The former president was permanently banned from Twitter Facebook is deciding if and when they let him back on and YouTube extended his banned indefinitely.
NEUT2|Social media has been one of his biggest tools.
NEUT3|Arguably, perhaps the biggest holes in his rise.
NEUT4|As a politician, it seems increasingly unlikely that he can get back to social media through it is preferred evidence, which would be one of the mainstream sites is because they are so large and there are so many people.
NEUT5|So what Donald Trump is doing now is mulling whether he's going to start his own social media network and there are two ways he can do that.
NEUT6|He can build his own, or he can buy someone elses and sort of built on top of it.
BULL7|There are signs pointing to Trump's intention to build his own network in March.
NEUT8|Jason Miller, a spokesman for Trump's 2020 presidential campaign, said the former president will return to social media in quote about two to three months on his own platform.
NEUT9|Miller said the new site quote will be the hottest ticket in social media.
NEUT10|In true Trump style, he has offered very few details if Trump is going to build the network himself, he's going to have to get past Apple and Google because they control the app stores and it would of course have to be some kind of mobile app to make this really work.
NEUT11|He'd also have to figure out a place for his service to be hosted now.
NEUT12|Much of that is usually done through big companies like Microsoft and Amazon.
BEAR13|Those companies have signaled an increasing reluctance to deal with conservative social media networks, including a parlor which Amazon took off its cloud service platform after the January 6 riots.
NEUT14|The truncated timeline, along with technical barriers, makes it unlikely Trump will build his own platform, but there are still ways for him to get back online when we talk about whether Donald Trump may buy buy his way into a social media app, we have to talk about two existing consider social media.
NEUT15|Networks, one of them is called gab.
NEUT16|One of them is called parlor.
NEUT17|In my reporting I've been told that Donald Trump offered to join Gab.
NEUT18|Finally, in exchange for equity in that platform, officially the Trump camp denies this.
NEUT19|BuzzFeed, Meanwhile, says Dad Brad Parscale, his former campaign manager, tried something similar, try to get him an equity stake in parlor, and it's interesting that platform, what you see is adding up to a pattern Donald Trump trying to both find a way to get a piece of these social media networks.
NEUT20|To buy his way into them and then to build up from there.
NEUT21|The one thing that everyone seems very clear about is what a Donald Trump sold network would be like in terms of what kind of content it would be, and it would be the type of toxic misinformation that he was.
NEUT22|So want to distribute on Twitter and Facebook.
BEAR23|In the end, it could set up another problematic portal of disinformation, misinformation, Mal information that we have to contend with both in the midterm election.
NEUT24|"Add in the presidential election, which of course he can still running, 'cause it's only served one term."""
