NEUT0|"""In this video, I'll be discussing aliens."
NEUT1|One of the world's biggest insurance and financial companies.
NEUT2|But before that, I want to invite you to subscribe the channel and it notification Bell so you can join my dividend investing journey.
NEUT3|Aliens ticker AAL V is a German based company with more than 83 million customers and operations in over 70 countries.
BULL4|This is an attractive company for dividend investors because of its dividend yield over 6% and it's eight years of dividend growth.
BULL5|Company sales have been increasing over the last five years, and aliens is the first foreign insurance company ever to be granted a license for the Chinese market, which gives it a competitive advantage over other insurance companies.
BULL6|Aliens will benefit a lot because China is a growth market with insurance premiums rising sharply every year.
NEUT7|However, aliens business model is cyclical, which was evident during the 2008 financial crisis and also in the current pandemic crisis we're going through.
BEAR8|The company continues to expect adverse effects on its travel insurance business, credit insurance and then increase the insurance payments in the entertainment sector due to canceled events and business interruption.
BEAR9|I have here a pending order to buy one aliens share at €150 and I really thought the order was going to be filled because of the second wave lockdowns in Germany and other European countries.
BEAR10|But suddenly the markets bounced back and alien stock bounce too, and because of that my order was not filled.
NEUT11|Aliens is now trading around 100.
BULL12|92 euro, something I really wasn't expecting so soon and I've really missed an excellent opportunity to buy in.
NEUT13|Aliansce pays dividends only once a year, and the next X dividend date will be in May 2021, so there's plenty of time to get in the train and I won't be chasing the stock.
BULL14|I think there will be more opportunities to buy this excellent dividend company at a good discount.
NEUT15|So for now I'm keeping out and waiting for another pullback.
NEUT16|Hope you enjoy this video and if you did this, smash that like button.
BULL17|"Thanks for watching."""
