NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbols EOM."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL3|Well, a very eventful day.
BEAR4|An unfortunately late day.
BULL5|A very eventful for the Bears.
NEUT6|An eventful in the sense of sure.
BEAR7|The price did start to go down, but then the price ultimately broke below that green line there, which for those of you that have watched past videos I've been talking about as an important area of support.
NEUT8|So the big question Mark, now moving forward is, you know, is this the start of something bigger for the Bears mean?
BEAR9|Is this just the start of a move that's a continued to drop further and further, but to be fair, it's still within the range of that support.
NEUT10|So you gotta always remember support levels, resistance levels.
NEUT11|Are not exact specific prices.
NEUT12|There is a range element associated with them, so I would still consider this within the range of that level of support, so I don't think anyone would be shocked to see the price of a sudden.
NEUT13|You know, maybe move, make a move back upwards because it's not like it's severely down below it, but it is down below it, which again to circle back prompts up and makes that more than logical question of oh is this the start of something much bigger from the bearish perspective.
NEUT14|So if it is something bigger in the price continues on down.
NEUT15|The next level of support you're going to want to keep a close eye, then now is down there around the Dollar 15 mark.
BULL16|I mean, if the price gets down to $1.15 and then breaks down through there at that point you know you just have definitely that much more confirmation that not only you know is this the start of something bigger, but it seems like that momentum would be gaining that much more strength.
NEUT17|At that point.
NEUT18|I'm so definitely want to keep an eye on those couple dynamics now.
NEUT19|Maybe the president decides to turn itself around, and in that event the main area that you would want to turn your attention to is that purple.
NEUT20|Line up with the 50.
NEUT21|Moving average.
NEUT22|'cause that would be the main level of resistance that would try to prevent any sort of upwards turn around.
NEUT23|So we're going to keep a close eye on that, but as of right now with that late day breakdown, all eyes are going to be watching wondering, is this the start of something much bigger?
NEUT24|So we'll see how this one plays out on Thursday.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT27|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL28|To being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT34|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT36|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT39|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
