NEUT0|"""And that I want to start with your notion that you use Google Mobility and Home based data to try to find the exact inflection point when things turned."
NEUT1|And it was April 10th for you, which is earlier than we would have thought, but it helps explain the risk on trade pretty well, does it not?
NEUT2|I think it doesn't.
NEUT3|You know it wasn't just about the Fed, we've had it clear inflection point in economic activity that actually began just days before that April Employment Survey week.
BULL4|And then we we saw subsequently a pretty significant improvement between mid April and mid May, and I think that explains actually the solid employment numbers.
NEUT5|So in hindsight, we should have probably paid maybe a little less attention to jobless claims and more attention to some of these alternative data sources.
BULL6|What's nice is that they continue to show positive momentum events, since the.
NEUT7|That they may serve a week.
BULL8|So so far the data both pretty well for for June employment and for retail activity as well, both in May and June.
NEUT9|So don't look at claims, but look at these alternative sources and you're talking about things like Google Mobility and Home based data, and that's where you might find more relevant info.
BULL10|I think they've been relevant, very relevant, and they, in retrospect told us a much cleaner story and much more consistent story with what we saw in May.
BEAR11|Employment numbers, claims for some reason gave a very misleading signal.
BEAR12|You know, if you ask me a week ago, what's my favorite economic indicator and what to watch right now, I would have said jobless claims, but they clearly failed us last week.
BEAR13|They are painting a much weaker picture, the labor market than what we saw both from the ATP as well as the household and the payroll survey.
NEUT14|So you know so.
BEAR15|So potential claims, but it seems like they're still running weeks behind.
NEUT16|Perhaps we're still trying to work through the bottlenecks, and yeah, I definitely will be paying a lot more attention.
NEUT17|Some of these alternative data sources to another.
NEUT18|The If people had done that, the disconnect that was so widely publicized between the the underlying economy and the stock market would have been easier to understand.
NEUT19|You don't think it was just the Fed, you say?
NEUT20|Well, there's the Fed.
NEUT21|Plus there was all that fiscal stimulus as well.
NEUT22|But that's not.
NEUT23|That's not everything.
NEUT24|There were things happening to to explain it that were real and not just sort of ephemeral like like stimulus or fed.
BULL25|So you've had a clear turn in the momentum, right?
NEUT26|There is a difference between kind of the rate of change, which clearly turned positive around mid April and the actual level of economic activity there.
BEAR27|I think we still see quite a bit of a disconnect between the markets and the economy.
BEAR28|You know we've had one great employment report, but that's one data point and we're still short.
BEAR29|You know, quite a bit of jobs we still are looking at double digit unemployment, 16 1/2% if you adjust for that classification error.
BEAR30|And we've still got inflation that's moving in the wrong direction, so there is still a gap between the market and the economy.
BULL31|And I think you know, as we move through this summer months, there's still a question whether we can sustain that positive momentum that we've seen over the past two months and particular as fiscal stimulus starts to fade very quickly and actually go into reverse, so you know, so there's still a gap.
NEUT32|"And I think still."""
