BEAR0|"""As of the end of August, real time data on U.S. consumer spending so that people were spending about 7% less on average and they had been one year earlier."
BEAR1|Spending was particularly hard hit in the highest income areas.
BEAR2|The reluctance or inability of consumers to spend money contrasts with equity markets which were hitting record highs in late August before correcting in the early days of September.
BEAR3|The divergent between equity prices under one head and consumer spending on the other has given rise to a narrative that the stock market has D coupled from the real economy.
NEUT4|The answer however, might be more complex.
NEUT5|The S&P 500 and the Russell 2000 have actually tracked real time consumer spending data quite closely since the beginning of the Europe.
BEAR6|Among the equity indices, only the NASDAQ 100, which is dominated by large technology firms as truly peeled away from the real time economic data and Nasdaq's rally like the sharp upside, moves in gold and silver.
BULL7|They also have been fueled by the expansion of central bank balance sheets.
BULL8|Since the beginning of the CR, the Bank of Japan, the European Central Bank, the Bank of England, and the US Federal Reserve has dramatically expanded their balance sheets through quantitative easing.
NEUT9|The money that they have created went directly into their respective bond markets.
BULL10|As bond yields plunged that made other investments like precious metals and technology stocks look more attractive by comparison, and may have indirectly push money into these other asset classes.
NEUT11|What is important to know, however, is that some of the central banks hold back on quantitative easing at the end of the second quarter.
NEUT12|This is especially true of the US.
BEAR13|Federal Reserve is balance sheet shrinks slightly over the course of July and August?
BEAR14|Does the pullback on central bank balance sheet expansion explain why the NASDAQ gold and silver all seem to have run into turbulence so far in September?
NEUT15|The answer is we don't know, but investors may be keeping a close eye on quantitative easing actions of central banks.
BULL16|For a sense as to whether or not precious metals and technology stocks will continue to head higher.
BULL17|So long as economies continue to improve, the Federal Reserve and its peers may not see much reason to expand their balance sheets.
BULL18|Further, however, should the economy slow down in coming months, that might encourage him to embark on another round of quantitative easing.
NEUT19|"Emeric Norland senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
