BULL0|"""Hey guys how's it going?"
NEUT1|Is the crypto analyst here and I hope all of you guys are having a good morning evening wherever you guys are from and today we're going to be doing a technical analysis on Bitcoin looking at where it's been and where we're projecting it to go over the course of the next week or so.
NEUT2|So if you guys are interested, going stick around for the video and do not forget to hit the like and subscribe button as it does help out the channel a lot.
NEUT3|But that being said, let's go ahead and jump onto the video.
NEUT4|So the first thing that we notice on Bitcoin is that it's been in an upward channel here for about a week or so and we have three touch points on the top two touch points on the bottom signifying that this is a fairly well.
NEUT5|Respected channel now until recently we haven't had much reason to doubt this, but what we see now is the formation of a rising wedge happening on Bitcoin.
NEUT6|Now this is a bearish continuation pattern that's happening and we get this from looking at our first high to our most recent high.
NEUT7|Now if we connect these two we get our line of resistance and if we connect the bottom till we get our line of support forming a nice rising wedge Now there is still time for this to get this respected and not happen.
BULL8|But we did what we see right now is that if this does get another touch point or two from the top and the bottom then this is most likely a secured rising wedge.
BEAR9|Which would lead to a downwards in the price action of Bitcoin.
BEAR10|Now if we take a look at our RSI in our Mac D, the first thing that we see on our Mac D is triple bearish divergance, signifying that we are getting lower levels of positive momentum coming into the market, and that all of our positive momentum that we have has slowly been drying up over here.
BEAR11|So if we even take a look at the RSI, we're seeing almost the exact same thing, and that Bitcoin is slowly losing all of its positive momentum.
NEUT12|We see it up here happened.
BEAR13|Lower levels of positive momentum, then we see even over here after we rally back up, we're seeing even more lower levels of positive momentum on Bitcoin.
NEUT14|So if you're a bull.
NEUT15|This is generally not what you want to see if you're looking to get some price out evaluation out of along right now, so is looking like shorting might be the option for the short term, but nonetheless it's going to be interesting to see what exactly happens, because as I said, there's plenty of time for this rising wedge to be dis respected, and that this upward channel gets respected instead of the rising wedge.
BEAR16|So we really gotta watch this closely and see exactly how this plays out, because in this upward channel that we have right now, you see yourself falling below the 200 day Ma.
BEAR17|Bouncing off the 50 day Ma and now getting rejected from the 200 day MA.
NEUT18|So what was support is now getting used as resistance in pretty much here.
NEUT19|It's always been used as a resistance that we've never been able to hold a candle in the 200 day Ma.
NEUT20|But that's just really what's happening right now, so again, I'd like to see at least another touchpoint on both the top and the bottom here of either the rising edge or the channel to confirm these, But this is generally what I'm looking at right now, so in the short term I am a little bit bearish just because of what I've seen on the Mac D. The RSI, and possibly even this are possibly even this rising wedge playing out, so these are all things to note and put into.
NEUT21|I guess your algorithms, or however you trade, but just Julie.
NEUT22|Take note of these now.
NEUT23|This isn't trading advice.
NEUT24|I'm not telling you what to do.
NEUT25|This is just personally what I see when I look at the charts of Bitcoin right now, so again doesn't look too bullish if we even look or even below this huge like 8 months.
BULL26|A long line of resistance that we've had since January of this year.
BEAR27|We are now back under that and we're getting rejected from it once again.
NEUT28|So just keep that in mind as well.
NEUT29|And if we do see ourselves have a full on bear market you would see a bounce happen somewhere around 5200 to $5100 depending upon how long it takes, because that's the resistance line that we have over here.
BEAR30|From our past drops, so I hope you guys didn't join the video.
NEUT31|Hopefully this was informative to you.
NEUT32|If it was, you know, pretty like an subscribe button as it really does help out the channel a lot.
BULL33|But yeah, so I hope this helps you guys out.
NEUT34|"If it did leave a like leave a subscribe and I'll see you guys in the next video."""
