NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this via video chart on ticker symbol, AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame for not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BULL3|Well, quite the eventful past few days as things were looking so strong.
BEAR4|And then it's basically gone, the opposite direction, and I mean it's pretty crazy to think that the price gapped up price ran all the way up here.
NEUT5|Some poor souls bought right there and then.
NEUT6|This is how they were rewarded over the past few days, basically just constant selling pressure.
BULL7|So yeah, hopefully these people have a better 2021 'cause they're not really ending 2020 very well.
NEUT8|But anyways, and this is also the first point that matters 'cause you know, like I said, Ben, a very strong amount of downward pressure.
NEUT9|With his downward stride line, and this is also what makes it very interesting.
NEUT10|Now heading into next week is, as you can see here, the price is very close to that red line, so if the price can push up through that red line now, that doesn't mean it's a guarantee of anything 'cause those don't exist, but it at least makes it rational, at least makes it a valid question.
NEUT11|Now start throughout their.
NEUT12|You know what?
NEUT13|Maybe this is the start of something bigger, not necessarily go all the way back up to the 138, but at least start to turn around the trajectory of things.
BEAR14|'cause right now it's very clear there was a lot of selling pressure, and I'm well aware that just saying selling pressure.
NEUT15|Those are just words, but that's why I do love charges 'cause that allow you to take words and visualize them.
NEUT16|So when I say selling pressure, that's what I mean.
NEUT17|Represented there by that red line.
NEUT18|So if the price can break above that red line, that at least makes it a valid rational argument to say you know what?
NEUT19|Maybe maybe that selling pressure is finally gone.
NEUT20|So you're going to keep a close eye on that as a key level of resistance, and then as far as levels of support and concern headed into next week.
NEUT21|First, the love that you would want to see the price hold above right there at the one 3165 Mark.
NEUT22|But if that area doesn't quite hold up then the next level to watch closely with then be down there right around the one 3075 Mark.
BULL23|But as of right now, selling pressure has definitely shown up over the past few days, but it's just a question of can that selling pressure be overcome.
NEUT24|Let's see what next week has to offer.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT27|But it will be me.
NEUT28|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL29|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT30|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT31|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR32|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT33|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT34|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT35|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT36|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT38|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT39|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT40|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
