NEUT0|"""For the sake of our health and the economies and the lockdowns now."
NEUT1|Hello, I'm Steve Forbes and this is what's ahead where you get the insights you need to help navigate these turbulent times.
BULL2|The sweeping lockdowns imposed one year ago in the face of the world's worst pandemic since a Spanish flu of 1918, nineteen 19 were supposed to be a short term solution to trying to avoid overwhelming our hospitals.
NEUT3|Yet here we are.
NEUT4|One year later and restrictions of varying degrees are still with us.
BEAR5|They're being lifted, but at a pace that is far too slow and doing unnecessary damage to school kids in particular, and the economy in general.
NEUT6|By the end of April, almost anyone who wants a vaccine will have it.
BULL7|Moreover, for months, we've had highly effective therapeutics to fight the disease.
NEUT8|For those who get it.
NEUT9|This is why the lockdowns should be ended right away.
NEUT10|It was clear by late spring of last year that the best approach was to focus efforts on the most vulnerable parts of our population.
NEUT11|That is, the elderly and those with serious pre-existing conditions.
BEAR12|However, instead of following the science, too many politicians and health officials imposed and have continued sweeping restrictions that were actually useless, capricious, or counterproductive.
BEAR13|The country has paid, and this is outrageous is still paying a fearsome price.
BEAR14|Low income households have been disproportionately harmed as parents couldn't work because they had to stay home to take care of kids who couldn't go to school.
BEAR15|The biggest scandal has been the way that teachers unions.
BEAR16|Have kept public schools closed or on a hybrid system long past when facts showed kids were the least vulnerable to COVID-19 and least likely to transmit the disease.
BEAR17|Private schools with proper precautions have been open for months with virtually no ill effects.
BEAR18|Moreover, another harm have been the various forms of depression and addictions that are way up.
BEAR19|So were suicides and deaths from overdoses.
NEUT20|Compare states that took an enlightened scientific approach such as Florida with those that didn't, such as New York, Florida, completely open today has always been less restrictive than New York after the initial lockdowns, the Sunshine State has a lower death rate than the Empire State.
BULL21|Even with a larger population of older people.
BULL22|Florida's economy is booming more.
BEAR23|NYT is still struggling.
NEUT24|This is the blunt truth.
BEAR25|The more open states are doing better in terms of health and economic performance than the more restrictive states, all of which makes perverse President Biden's nationwide address where he said maybe on the 4th of July almost four months from now, small family gatherings might be safe.
NEUT26|Come on, Mr. President, it's safe today.
NEUT27|I'm Steve Forbes.
BULL28|Thanks for listening.
BULL29|"Do send in your comments and suggestions and look forward to being with you soon again."""
