NEUT0|"""The investing world isn't a race to 0."
BEAR1|The cost of investing has been collapsing wherever you look, whether it's executing trades, managing portfolios, or owning mutual funds and ETF's.
BEAR2|In 2018, competition that was already fierce reached a fever pitch Black Rock and State Street slashed prices on exchange traded funds.
NEUT3|Industry leader Vanguard announced no fee trading for all ETF's to try and catch up.
NEUT4|Fidelity created 0 cost mutual funds.
BULL5|In the fintech space startup, called Robin Hood gained a valuation of over 5 billion by offering slick Commission free trading.
NEUT6|Why is it worth so much because it's attracted more than 4,000,000 users in just a few years?
NEUT7|That type of adoption Sparks the interest of even JPMorgan, so our customers are telling us they want to invest on their phones the same way they bank with us and they want to invest with us because they trust them.
NEUT8|After years of sitting on the sidelines, the biggest bank in the United States is now jumping into the mobile training game.
NEUT9|With new investor, the new service will automatically be available to any of the 47 million people who uses chases digital banking today.
NEUT10|Users get at least 100 free trades in the first year.
BULL11|In our soft launch, we've had thousands of people sign up for this already and they are great customers for Chase there 15 years younger than our advised customers.
NEUT12|90% of them have never invested with Chase before, and 40% of them are opening up accounts on their mobile phones, but only about half of US households actually own stock.
NEUT13|Can JPMorgan really bring stocks into the pockets of more Americans?
NEUT14|Who are they going after?
NEUT15|So the offering is really designed around 2 main groups and we call him starters.
NEUT16|And switchers, the starters are people who never invested before, and we know that they find investing overwhelming.
BEAR17|They're worried it's not for them and they don't have enough money.
BEAR18|But we also know that there are Chase clients who are investing elsewhere because they weren't able to do it on line with us before.
NEUT19|And we plan to bring them back.
NEUT20|Can you actually see where the flows are coming from and see how successful you are in getting switchers to switch?
NEUT21|Yes.
NEUT22|I mean, I'm really just dying to see how this thing works.
NEUT23|From start to finish, how long do you think that most people would take for this existing clients?
NEUT24|It really is between three to five minutes, probably about 5 minutes.
NEUT25|If you're new to chase and the money moves in real time from your chase banking account over to the investment account.
NEUT26|So how did we get here?
NEUT27|The story starts in 1975, when the SEC abolished the high fixed commissions for stock trading.
NEUT28|That ushered in the era of the discount brokerage firms like Charles Schwab opened up stock ownership to the wider public, a trend that accelerated in the 1990s and into the new Millennium with online trading using E trade, making a big investment is as easy as a single click.
NEUT29|In the past decade, as the market bounced back from the financial crisis, investors poured trillions of dollars into passively managed mutual funds and ETF's, deciding that cost is more important than paying stock pickers to try and beat the market.
BULL30|Here you can see we've executed an ETF.
NEUT31|And you can see at the bottom it indicates your Commission was free right there.
BULL32|If it were above and beyond the 100 free trades for someone, it would show 295.
NEUT33|There is your Commission, so there are no customers out there that may not want to trust their credentials or their money to an app of the month.
NEUT34|As we think about it, it's a company wide effort really thinking about things in the digital 1st and mobile web.
NEUT35|One things for sure.
BULL36|"It's never been cheaper or easier to be an investor."""
