NEUT0|"""Torsten that leads you to sort of two issues."
NEUT1|The conversation one is as President Trump said, when you get back to work by mid April 'cause we don't want to hurt the economy and make the cure worse than the actual virus, the other is the willingness for those in Washington to just go back to the drawing board every time and this ramp up the stimulus that we need.
NEUT2|What do you think were most likely going to see?
NEUT3|And what's more helpful?
BEAR4|So the difficult thing about just reopening the economy soon is of course, that then a lot of both households and businesses will be very, very cautious in terms of going out is very doubtful that you will see a big rebound in hotel bookings or big rebound in airline bookings.
NEUT5|If the economy is opened prematurely.
NEUT6|So in that sense, it would be a much more muted rebound if we were to go and just essentially say very quickly that we shouldn't worry no longer about the virus and this gets to the core of where we stand at the moment.
NEUT7|With the second part of your question.
BULL8|Namely, that with the package today, we've now managed to flatten out the recession curve.
NEUT9|Now what we need to see is a flattening out of the virus curve.
NEUT10|We've been talking about the virus curve for a long time in the epic curve.
NEUT11|We need to build that bridge and make sure that we don't have over capacity constraints.
NEUT12|If you will.
NEUT13|In the healthcare system.
NEUT14|So we're back to watching now what's going on with developments in terms of the spreading of the virus.
NEUT15|And unfortunately, we're still not quite in the US seeing that flattening out, we are seeing that in Europe we are seeing.
NEUT16|Generally speaking, we are seeing that elsewhere in other countries, but generally speaking it's still now is the uncertainty and their risk on risk of problem in the markets?
BULL17|"Expect watching what is actually happening, the spreading of the disease, because now the economic impact is at least at least being somewhat dampened by all these political actions around the world."""
