BEAR0|"""The reflation trade has been the dominant theme of market chatter for some weeks now."
BULL1|The idea is that a successful vaccine rollout, pent up demand, aggressive fiscal stimulus, and a central bank that is willing to let the economy run hot will lead to a jump in growth and rising prices across the economy.
BULL2|We can see how enthusiastically investors have jumped on board with the notion of a reflation trade by looking at the spike in 10 year Treasury yields since the autumn, and in particular.
NEUT3|Since the beginning of February, consider also investors expectations for inflation over the next five years, which are now back to their pre pandemic levels.
NEUT4|Judging by the difference between inflation protected and nominal Treasury yields in the stock market, reflation mania has taken the form of a major rotation between sectors.
NEUT5|The big winners of the last decade expensive, high growth tech stocks.
BEAR6|Are suddenly out of favor while long shunned, economically sensitive, low growth value stocks from banks to materials companies have surged ahead.
NEUT7|Here is a chart of the performance of the Russell 3000 growth and Value Indices.
NEUT8|Anytime the market coalesces around a single consensus view, a bit of skepticism can be useful.
NEUT9|Anyone who thinks we're going to.
NEUT10|Exit the Covid crisis on a fundamentally different macroeconomic trajectory than we entered.
NEUT11|It would do well to look again at those 10 year Treasury yields, but this time over a 30 year.
BULL12|That recent leap in yields.
NEUT13|It barely registers are the forces that have driven interest rates down over a period of decades really going to reverse because of the pent up demand from the pandemic and some government stimulus?
BEAR14|Remember also that years of low interest rates have driven asset prices to dizzying highs.
BEAR15|A jump in inflation could reverse that process and drive the economy back down towards deflation.
NEUT16|This is not just a point about the stock market.
BULL17|The value of U.S. housing stock rose by $2.5 trillion in the pandemic year of 2020, according to Zillow, to reach $36 trillion, driven largely by falling mortgage rates and increase.
NEUT18|In interest rates.
BEAR19|Could cause housing prices to tumble, creating a massive wealth effect that would stifle consumer spending.
BEAR20|High asset prices like the ones we have now make growth fragile.
NEUT21|"Do not take the reflation trade too far."""
