NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, welcome to this news supply and demand stock analysis, this time for Ford Motor Company ticker F. This is a trading disclaimer."
NEUT1|You can pause the video and read it at anytime.
NEUT2|OK.
NEUT3|This is Ford Motor Company monthly time frame.
NEUT4|As you can see here in the watermark F1 M that's times 4 full company and monthly timeframe.
NEUT5|Every single candle stick represents a month of time, so forward as being in a clear clear downtrend for a long time for many months and years and every time there has been bearish impulse, there was a bigger corrections.
NEUT6|This is how the market works.
NEUT7|So we've got a very strong imbalance that was created last.
BEAR8|January, February there is strong impulse, so now we lost.
BULL9|Long term traders were waiting for prices to rally to that area of imbalance where short will be possible.
NEUT10|Again, if you are an intraday trader or do a scalping for using options, vertical spreads and all those kind of optimal strategies for trade, obviously you will be able to trade long and short and all that on the way up and then what I'm trying to say here is that once price reaches that imbalance then short.
NEUT11|Is the way to go.
NEUT12|Long term it's located at around $8.00 per share.
NEUT13|That's how super strong balance that was created last February January.
NEUT14|And it doesn't really matter well if for the CEO, which I read recently that before verticals or will have surface is that puncture viruses read that.
NEUT15|I was like what surface of a car that punctured viruses, super little tiny Krisha.
NEUT16|That is, you won't be able to see or even with a microscope is going to be difficult to see that virus and they are going to build like Bay vehicles with surface is that puncture and viruses.
NEUT17|Well.
BEAR18|AutoNation, well, maybe I don't know, but what I do know is that there is a clear downtrend on this stock, and until an antivirus car will not help at all to make the Ford Motor Company be a better company.
NEUT19|So short bias on this talk.
NEUT20|Remember, a very important thing is that this is a single time frame analysis and it is not enough to make a train decision.
NEUT21|You have to do your homework by doing that top down analysis.
NEUT22|You can no longer short.
NEUT23|Obviously, depending on the time frame that you're using, but as per this analysis we have the monthly time frame in a clear downtrend.
NEUT24|So shows is the way to call the higher quality type of trade is to hold short where you can use multiple strategies.
NEUT25|I'm just pointing out this imbalance and that if you wear the supply demand classes to play, the man is telling you that short is the only way to go.
NEUT26|So remember, this is not a signal service and if you want to learn how to trade and locate these imbalances and when not to trade them, you're welcome to join us or setof.com where you will be able to learn market structure and context using supply and demand and without using any kind of indicators or fundamental and volume analysis.
NEUT27|Enjoy the rest of the day and be happy.
NEUT28|"Bye bye."""
