NEUT0|"""Hi, I'm here with Ladd Tenev and Baiju Bhatt, the founders of Robin Hood and we're going to check out their new Zero Commission stock trading app that's going into the App Store so show us Robin Hood."
NEUT1|So Robin Hood is right here.
NEUT2|That's the app icon and when you enter the app, the first thing that you do is.
NEUT3|Supply your fingerprint to get in.
NEUT4|Cool, so now we're seeing the even brighter version of the home screen.
NEUT5|So you'll see basically a list of the apps that you've been following.
NEUT6|At the top is like your overall portfolio and you can scrub across this to sort of see it in different time periods.
NEUT7|Then once you Scroll down, you'll see all of the stocks that you actually own through the app and whether they've been doing well or not, and so everything is sort of red or green depending on if things have gone down or up and you can check in on any of them.
NEUT8|You can double Click to see an extended view of much more, many more details about what's going on.
NEUT9|Bunch of stats.
NEUT10|Then you can really easily sell or buy any of the stock, so I wanted to sell these shares that would just say that I want to sell one share and it'll show me the market pricing to sell that I hit, reviewed and make sure that this is what I want and I slide up and that's that's as long as it takes to trade a stock.
NEUT11|So since the markets close this open process tomorrow and will get sent immediately as soon as their market opens and I'll get a push notification telling me that the stock trade actually went through.
NEUT12|And beyond that, you know you can just.
NEUT13|Go back and see all the other stocks so you can see down here some ones that have been doing some good ones doing better like these green ones, and you know if you can see.
NEUT14|Here's how Facebook is doing and if you wanted to get your money out, it's actually really easy to deposit or withdraw funds.
NEUT15|So you just withdraw funds, select one of your, select your bank or you can add another bank by just adding your password so you don't have to deal with any of those checking and routing number stuff and the money will be in your account in a few days.
NEUT16|So this is how Robin Hood works.
NEUT17|The wait list is still taking signups.
NEUT18|It's going to take a few months for them to get through.
BULL19|"The 500,000 people have already signed up, but I think there's a lot of potential for this to be a great way to democratize the stock stock market and help young people trade without having to pay the same fees that rich people pay."""
