NEUT0|"""Is this part of the reopening trade that you like the movie theaters which have gotten crushed?"
NEUT1|We're not in those Sarah.
NEUT2|We've chosen.
NEUT3|I mean, Disney is a great sort of diversified way to play the reopening.
NEUT4|The theaters, you know, that's a trade if you ask me.
BULL5|So I'm thrilled people are getting back.
NEUT6|I hope to be in a theater soon.
NEUT7|I don't know if I'm going to see that movie, but we're looking for again, names that will continue to outperform once the reopening trade has has taken place.
NEUT8|And we're hedging all this with calls against the VIX which we purchased last week.
NEUT9|And puts against the SPY because we are overdue for a correction at some point and then that might be an opportunity to step into some of these names.
NEUT10|That's an interesting point, Mike, that Nancy makes about the VIX which what we talking bout the VIX under 18 it was.
NEUT11|It's a little over that now yeah so yeah I mean look that it, you know you can look at it two ways.
NEUT12|One is that it's never been cheaper to hedge in the last year than it is right now.
BEAR13|The other is that it's still stubbornly above 17.
BEAR14|And when the VIX hits a new 52 week low, which we just did.
NEUT15|The forward returns sometimes aren't that great in stock, so you know it's not so much that there's an absolute high number or low number that that magically tells you what to do with.
BULL16|With the fixer with hedging, but it does tell you that it's certainly less expensive to protect downside now than it has been for awhile, but just maybe we'll get.
NEUT17|I mean, assuming interest rates Mike don't start shooting higher again, maybe you get into a more serene environment.
NEUT18|It could very well be because we're looking forward to the reopening in the recovery.
NEUT19|You you definitely could, and the market is behaved in such a way it's conducive to that because you've had this rotation, the index itself has been.
BULL20|Very orderly, it's been in this calm uptrend.
NEUT21|On the other hand, as I was saying before, you know, when the VIX is at 11:12, it usually is because everyone knows the economy is just going to be kind of plodding along and not doing anything exciting.
BULL22|So even just because the underlying economy is a little more dynamic at the moment, or maybe slightly more unpredictable on the timing of the recovery, Vicks might stay a little bit elevated out there.
NEUT23|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT24|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
