NEUT0|"""Hello everyone and welcome to this technical analysis video here the exam.com and Christina Bertha Neal, Investment analyst, and together will be looking at what's happening in the gold market today, August 3rd in the Daily Time Frame."
NEUT1|So how many look at the chart?
BULL2|Gold managed to her claim and you record high of 19189 today after four days of consolidation will they move?
BULL3|Wasn't very significant, but it's still an extension of the two year old top trend that has been gaining momentum over the past eight weeks above it.
NEUT4|Simple moving averages so.
BULL5|It's a positive development for the market.
NEUT6|However, this doesn't exclude Downside corrections is no market is moving only to One Direction, and in this case we have some cautious signals emerging, so downside risk seems to be strengthening specifically for look at the momentum indicators below the chart, we can realize that we may have a very divergent's case here, meaning like the price we are assigned, the stochastics didn't search new peaks in the verbal zone, but keep pointing to the downside while the Magdi has been rising at a slower pace over the past few days so.
BEAR7|This signals that the bullish action in the market may be losing strength.
BULL8|Nevertheless, looking at the price, this has been how well supported around 19139, while slightly lower, the reconcile line has been also restricted to downside corrections.
BEAR9|So unless we remove these barriers, any decline may not attract much attention.
BEAR10|In case we do have a breakout below these levels, negative momentum accelerate towards the 20 day moving average at 1800 S 70, while beneath that the ascending trendline may prove to be more important.
BEAR11|Obstacle as any closed lower would put the upward pattern at risk, bringing the 50 day moving average next interview.
NEUT12|In a positive scenario.
BULL13|Now, if positive momentum strengthens above recent high, so the price may attempt to cross above the 2000 level, in which case I would look for resistance first around 2015, then near the 2100 psychological mark.
NEUT14|So that's all from me.
BULL15|"Thank you for watching and have a great day."""
