NEUT0|"""It's clear in this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link also wants closure standpoint.
NEUT3|I do own Apple from the long side in my retirement accounts, so just keep that in mind as I go through the analysis.
BULL4|Well, did this analysis on Friday and talked about how this red line here was not going to be in an area of resistance at one 12:50 but it got a very nice movement up today.
NEUT5|So the 1st update starts off with just a foundational role in charting which states when levels of resistance are broken and close above.
NEUT6|You want to see them act as support.
BULL7|So now one 12:50 is going to be a very helpful in a very revealing level of support.
NEUT8|How is it going to be helpful?
NEUT9|Will not state the obvious but from where it was at its lows on Friday to where it is right now.
NEUT10|That's been a nice move, but that doesn't valid question of yeah, but I mean is there any sort of true power behind this price movement?
NEUT11|Or is this just some sort of dead cat bounce and I have no idea, but again, that's where one 1250 comes into play, because if the price, I'm not saying that this was going to happen, but if the price were to come down here and then just break down through there, what would that be doing to the price?
NEUT12|Well at that point.
NEUT13|From a very literal point of view that we put in the price well right back to where it was and not to insult your intelligence but price movements that go back to where they were not exactly sound true power, true strength or anything like that.
NEUT14|But to be fair, no price and go straight up, so maybe the price comes down here, behaves in that manner and then start to work its way back upwards.
NEUT15|Now of a sudden what you have while you have a set of those right there you have those lows down there.
NEUT16|If you envision each one of those as stair steps, well hey there you go.
NEUT17|Now you have stair steps making progress in the upward direction.
NEUT18|And again that's the name of the game.
NEUT19|That's what it truly strong move is going to do.
NEUT20|It's going to make progress forward and again in this situation, quote unquote progress, being defined as one 12:50 as far as areas of resistance are concerned moving forward.
NEUT21|Next key battleground to watch going to be right up there at the one 1750 Mark.
NEUT22|So 117 fifty Public Enemy number, one moving forward, but All in all, very nice.
NEUT23|Way to start off the new week.
NEUT24|Not just a question of can the price build upon this momentum?
NEUT25|Let's see what happens.
NEUT26|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT27|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT28|But it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee.
BULL30|So being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total, I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR33|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT34|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT35|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT36|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT37|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT38|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT39|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions, let me know.
NEUT41|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
