NEUT0|"""If you are an asset management used to trading millions and markets every day, he may have thought that record keeping with somebody else's responsibility."
NEUT1|You may have to think again with me to talk about.
NEUT2|It is Sarah Hey head of liquidity, strategy and market structure for Europe at UBS.
NEUT3|Sarah welcome.
NEUT4|Thank you.
NEUT5|So why the big focus on this?
NEUT6|So I'd say globally there's a massive focus from our clients and regulators around transparency and specifically in Europe we've got method two approaching, which is really focused on transparency.
BEAR7|Now if we take a look at why this may matter, we have a chart here as we can see, the number of fines coming up from regulators is it's rising.
NEUT8|Do you expect to see more of something like this?
NEUT9|Well, I think the key point to make here is that method 2 is not delineating between buy and sell side firms, it's merely talking about the concept of an investment firm.
NEUT10|That means that for some of the transparency requirements, for example, post trade reporting, there will be some situations where the buy side will be legally responsible in the future to do those page trade reports.
NEUT11|Now we understand that the buy side can potentially delegate those trade reports, but they cannot delegate the legal responsibility.
NEUT12|So we're having a lot of conversations with our clients to help them understand the process, to help them understand how we're positioning for this process.
NEUT13|But also, we believe that there are a number of vendors, for example, bats trade echo that may be developing solutions to enable the buy side to post trade report through them.
NEUT14|The last thing to remember is that if a buy side is trading with a firm who's a systematic internalizer.
NEUT15|That systematic internalizer will always have to do that trade report.
NEUT16|Let's have a look at one aspect of the market where these rules may have an impact.
NEUT17|We have another chart here explain to us a little bit about what would happen in this Steve European off exchange equity market, sure.
NEUT18|So the chart here is really showing the trend of OTC reporting overtime and it split between showing what has been real time agency reported and what has been delayed reported.
NEUT19|Now method two is looking to minimize the amount of OTC trading in the market.
BEAR20|And therefore my expectation would be that this number is likely to decrease going forward and also risk to filser shortening.
NEUT21|So where you're trading in the market, if you're on risk, there are situations where you have a period of time to offset your risk.
NEUT22|That's a maximum of T + 3 at the moment, and that's moving into end of day.
BEAR23|So again, my expectation would be that this proportion of delayed ITC reporting is likely to decrease game, so there's this trend with it.
NEUT24|With the blue is likely to discuss this.
BULL25|Yeah, yeah.
NEUT26|How long do people have to prepare for this?
NEUT27|So we've got less than 15 months, and as of the 1st of October, I think it's around 317 UK working days.
BULL28|Wow, Sarah, thank you very much.
BULL29|"Thank you."""
