NEUT0|"""XRP Ripple XRP news."
NEUT1|Today XRP price prediction.
NEUT2|February 21st in today's XRP Ripple XRP news.
NEUT3|Today XRP price prediction Ripple now registered as Wyoming business.
NEUT4|Alright, let's get started.
NEUT5|Blockchain based payments firm Ripple Labs has now registered a business in Wyoming.
NEUT6|According to records from the Wyoming Secretary of State Ripple Markets Way LLC status as a local business is listed as active after an initial filing in February 2020 as a limited liability company in Wyoming.
NEUT7|Ripples, registered agent will be based in Cheyenne.
NEUT8|More crypto companies are realizing Wyoming is a better domiciled in Delaware due to our crypto friendly laws, said Caitlin Long on Twitter, long as the CEO of Digital Bank Avanti Bank and Trust and associated with the state Legislatures Select Committee on Blockchain Financial Technology and digital innovation, she said crypto firms like ripples should consider relocating to Wyoming due to the state not having any corporate or franchise taxes and cryptocurrencies being exempt from property in sales tax.
NEUT9|In addition, there is the presence of US.
NEUT10|Senator Cynthia Lummis the Wyoming lawmaker is one of the first to say digital assets will be a key part of her legislative agenda, responding to the Ripple News, Llama State policy director said many people with maximalist on Wyoming.
NEUT11|It does not appear as if Ripple will move its headquarters to the crypto friendly state as its principle office is still listed as San Francisco.
BEAR12|However, both Ripple co-founder Chris Larson and CEO Brad Garlinghouse have said that they are displeased with the seeming lack of regulatory clarity on crypto and blockchain in the United States.
BULL13|Wyoming is becoming one of the most attractive U.S. states for crypto and blockchain firms.
BULL14|Last year, the Wyoming State Banking Board granted crypto Exchange Kraken, a charter to operate as a crypto friendly bank and gave Avanti the green light to receive and custody crypto in a similar fashion.
NEUT15|In the wake of Tesla's $1.5 billion Bitcoin BTC purchase earlier this month, Senator Lummus invited CEO Elon Musk to consider relocating to the state.
NEUT16|That's what's been happening this week in the world of XRP, Ripple, XRP, News, today, XRP price prediction.
NEUT17|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to all investments right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of XRP Ripple, XRP News, today XRP price prediction.
NEUT18|If you enjoyed this edition of XRP, Ripple, XRP News today, XRP price prediction, leave a comment and please hit the like or share button, we'd really appreciate it.
NEUT19|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT20|"Check out last week's XRP Ripple, XRP News today XRP price prediction by checking out our XRP Ripple XRP News today, XRP price prediction playlist."""
