BEAR0|"""We have watched this stock and this entire sector just move around so much, especially in the past couple of weeks."
NEUT1|And we've seen both issues in Washington driving it, but maybe even more so folks on Reddit.
NEUT2|As somebody running a company that's watching this stock and seeing what's happening online, what are you thinking?
BULL3|First and foremost, thanks for having us.
NEUT4|You know, when I see this, you know, I know is really not core to what we're looking for.
NEUT5|The business.
BULL6|I think what's important is the fundamentals of the cannabis business are very strong.
BULL7|We got a really good quarter.
BULL8|You know your over year revenue was up, adjusted EBIT was or cashews was much better and you know cash on hand.
NEUT9|And so while there's a lot of volatility marking, a lot of conjecture, I think the macro picture you know is quite strong weed.
NEUT10|Five states pass comprehensive legislation.
BEAR11|There's obviously movement afoot.
BULL12|In Virginia, New York, we're now receiving revenue and over 13 countries around the world.
NEUT13|And so while there is a lot of you know retail investor interest in Reddit, interest in short squeeze is going on.
NEUT14|I think long term that's not going to be the story of cannabis and the long term story of cannabis is that it's going to be a good business economically, and there's a lot of upside.
BULL15|Both domestically.
NEUT16|You know, in the US as well as around the world.
NEUT17|But Miguel, as a CEO and I think about the way a lot of CEOs may confront this, which is how do you think about your shareholder base, right?
NEUT18|A lot of CEOs would say that you know they're looking for long term shareholders who are in this based on fundamentals based on numbers based on perhaps even a relationship if you will.
NEUT19|What you're seeing now is something else, and I'm trying to figure out, and I think a lot of CEOs are trying to figure out how to grapple and maneuver around that or with it.
NEUT20|Well, I think it's a great question.
NEUT21|You know, clearly the cannabis stocks have had a long history of astronomy, retail basin, and you mentioned the short percentage of our stock.
BULL22|I think you know you wanted the best thing you can for shareholders, whether those were retail investors or long term institutional investors, we've started to see a good movement of institutional interest in the cannabis stocks.
NEUT23|And I mean it's only been two years that the rec business has been legal in Canada.
NEUT24|In the medical business is still nascent around the world, and so I think all you can do as a CEO is focus on free cash flow.
NEUT25|Being even a positive building a strong company that's sustainable, and while they will always be this type of volatility, I think in the short term I think long term you know as this industry starts mature people will focus on fundamentals and I think the fundamentals of a company like Aurora particularly look towards the US science compliance.
BULL26|A long history of being successful in many markets positions.
NEUT27|It's well for a variety of different investors.
NEUT28|But do you imagine yourself as a CEO spending more time in the future with institutional investors?
NEUT29|Or do you imagine yourself even taking to either Twitter or Reddit or other places to have a different type of communication?
BULL30|So we're clearly doing both, so we've had increased conversations with institutional investors.
NEUT31|I think there are more and more comfortable.
NEUT32|Whether it's the maturity of the space, the core fundamentals, the global aspects of it, the upside, you know, we're seeing that both in the US, around the world, and also, you know.
NEUT33|Communication involves clearly we have to do more now with the retail investors and other investors and whether that's through Twitter, our own communication methods, or other forms of social media is important.
NEUT34|This is a category that's moving really quickly and getting the news out there about how profitable can be, how strong the margins are, the innovation we see around the category, both on the medical and rec business is important, so I think you have to take advantage of all those.
NEUT35|The end of the day though when you have medical margins in the high 60s, when you have more and more countries passing comprehensive.
NEUT36|Lawful regulations and the US getting closer both of the state and the federal level.
NEUT37|I think there's a great story here and will communicate in a variety of different ways.
NEUT38|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT39|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
