BULL0|"""Pastor Maritime could double in price this month."
NEUT1|Give me 3 minutes of your time and I'll tell you why they will double and what to look for going forward.
BULL2|They already have a ton of momentum and in the last three weeks a ton of institutions have been loading up on this stock.
NEUT3|If you don't know about Castor maritime, they're a shipping company that specializes in dry bulk shipments.
BULL4|They have been growing their fleet of vessels and they've actually purchased another carrier on February 18th with the purchase of this vessel, they're doubling in size since the beginning of 2021.
BULL5|So they're expanding their company very aggressively, and they're going to be continuing to put capital into growing their fleet and acquiring new vessels.
BULL6|Also, Biden's clean energy agenda will benefit Castor maritime because the drybulk carriers they operate are among the lowest carbon emitting vessels available for maritime transport.
NEUT7|Castor Maritime is a current target for wallstreetbets investors, and we saw what they did with SN DL, which went from pennies all the way upwards to $2.50.
NEUT8|And we saw the same thing with naked.
BULL9|Which went from pennies and pushed up to $2.00 and after hours and this is just another reason why I think this stock could double in price.
BEAR10|This month the company is issued 75% of its share count in the last five weeks and there is a lot of short interest with this.
NEUT11|Stock insiders are loading up on this stock right now in the month of February 14.
BEAR12|Institutions have added onto their positions, including Royal Bank of Canada, Morgan Stanley and HRT Financial and just two institutions have decreased their positions.
NEUT13|This is a really good sign because these are some of the most well known institutions and they have thousands of analysts working for them and you always want to be invested into the stocks with the smart money behind them.
NEUT14|So now in the chart of Castor Maritime I notice a few things right off the bat.
BEAR15|The first thing is that we had this bearish flag formed, which then pushed the price down even further, which was to be expected.
BULL16|We came down to the support level and left along Wick which is a sign that there was a lot of buying taking place in and around these levels and it also shows that we are respecting this 150 day Ma.
BEAR17|So this 90 cent support is going to be a really strong support level to break the structure on the one hour time frame is bearish right now because we're making lower lows and lower highs.
BULL18|So what I would want to see happen is for us to break above this previous lower high and then form a higher low support.
NEUT19|Now all of this analysis was done on the one hour time frame.
BULL20|So when we jump onto the 4 hour time frame, we can see in the bigger picture, we are still making higher highs and higher lows, and we're currently respecting this 50 day Ma.
BULL21|And like I said, this ninety cents level will be a really strong support.
NEUT22|So for us to go up and retest the highs made and double in price, what we're going to need to happen is what I was explaining earlier.
NEUT23|We want the lower time frames to start forming a bullish structure, making higher highs and higher lows, and that will cause the higher time frame structure to follow.
NEUT24|So what I will be really watching for is this type of structure on the one hour time frame.
BULL25|This price action will be a leading indicator that we will go retest the highs made the technicals look great and with the momentum that's coming from Reddit and YouTube, I think the price will continue higher and retest the highs that were made.
BULL26|I can see the stock doubling in price and eventually going to $4 per share if they continue expanding their business.
NEUT27|So if you're looking to get into the stock, I would definitely be watching the one hour time frame for us to begin making higher highs and higher lows.
NEUT28|So if you enjoyed the video, please consider subscribing for more analysis like this and let me know in the comments below if you have any questions.
NEUT29|"And with that being said, I'll see you guys next time."""
