BEAR0|"""So new year is underway and lost."
BEAR1|It was a mixed bag of Fortune's taking some time to reflect on the recruitment patterns that we saw in 2019, so this video is more bad.
NEUT2|Highlighting with those recruitment patterns are and saying frankly, with a high degree of conviction that they will continue to dominate throughout 2020.
NEUT3|So officially I must reinforce that the war for talent is in Main SA matter what industry urine that's across all industries.
NEUT4|I've said this in videos before.
NEUT5|I said to my clients I see them.
BEAR6|Top talent is hard to find and it's even harder to move.
BULL7|Generally speaking, this is good for new vacancies into the market, and we've already seen that non January.
NEUT8|But for the first time in awhile, I think top talent is in the driving seat when it comes to decision making, not the employers.
BULL9|Employees have been able to cherry pick from quite a wide pool of talent in the last few years.
BEAR10|Probably reach an apex in 2019 in the second half of the year we saw a number of vacancies out in the market and many of them were unfilled because top talent is just not ready to move.
NEUT11|So that's an interesting trained in this typically major theme for 2020.
NEUT12|There were some clear priorities for asset managers in 2019 from a hiring POV and also strategy point of view.
NEUT13|Number one I think was maintaining a generating flows was tough, so hiring and retaining business development professionals was absolutely critical for them.
NEUT14|In most asset managers have generally enjoyed a good sort of five or ten years of growing assets under management as a minor bumps along the way.
BULL15|Of course, the guys performances under pressure distribution strategies are even more important, so getting wanted list platforms, strengthening relationships with iphas or institutional investors, and building an online presence, making it easy to invest into the funds is absolutely critical.
NEUT16|An honestly hiring top business developer mentions like hens teeth that generally.
BULL17|To join companies that have outstanding performance, not many at the moment or they are very strong brands and these people are in serious demand.
NEUT18|Second thing is that I think portfolio manager was portfolio managers are here to stay.
NEUT19|If the investment experts predictions for the year ahead.
BEAR20|Alright, I think we're in front of the fear and flat performance will actually seem like a positive outcome for some asset managers, so I expect most portfolio managers to stay in the jobs where they finished last year.
NEUT21|Investors want to see continuity and stability the first time that the PM is leaving, or that is managing their fans.
BEAR22|Wolves raise serious questions that will come across a negative way predominantly.
NEUT23|PM should be tested this year as they are every year, so they really unlikely to add to their personal anxiety and stress levels by helping to another job.
NEUT24|The third major train that was all I see is going to flow into this year is compliance, compliance compliance, so there's no end insight with governing authorities, level of compliance and our clients will enjoy a heavier load of risk and compliance work.
NEUT25|Traditionally something that has been outsourced or maybe overseen by the CEO now is becoming standard.
NEUT26|Learn critical core function inside the firm and that could be managing as low as 2 billion Rand.
BULL27|Just a friendly tip as well if you think it's hard to recruit good people in this industry, a shortage of compliance experts.
BEAR28|Is frightening, and that's both locally and globally, so this is going to be a serious serious battle there.
BULL29|On a positive note, I expect strong flows of new vacancies throughout 2020.
BEAR30|Jobs won't dry up the Microsoft dry up, so it might be a little bit hard to fill them.
NEUT31|Clients might be more patient to get the right person, we have to wait for different bonus cycles.
NEUT32|Different companies paying bonuses different time, but they will be paid up and we can expect movements and personnel over the next few months right through to June I suspect.
NEUT33|So if you are planning to hire so you need to get proactive, you should already be interviewing and I just wanna say good luck to all the fascinating, interesting talent that I meet in this industry.
BULL34|"And have a great 2020."""
