NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, January 15th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, Biden administration mean for NIO stock.
NEUT2|All right let's get started it official a blue wave will hit the Washington DC on January 20th and will keep trending for the next four years.
NEUT3|The Biden administration is looking to make the country's decisiveness towards electric vehicles a thing of the past.
NEUT4|In fact, Biden was recently quoted as saying I CVS is the future of transportation.
NEUT5|I am looking to swap government fleet vehicles with electric made vehicles and offer a system of rebate incentives for consumers.
NEUT6|Replace gas cars with electric vehicles.
NEUT7|This quote made a Wall Street analyst stated when the President elect follows through with his plans to switch to an all electric vehicle fleet.
BULL8|This will help people to see that electric vehicles are what's trending and will in all boost the electric vehicle sector.
BULL9|This will especially help stocks like Nio, who is already ahead of the electric vehicle trend.
BULL10|Anio recently released their Premier 87 sedan which bolsters a state of the art, Ladar navigation system and a 150 kilowatt hours battery pack.
BULL11|Analysts state that Nio's new sedan is easily the best long range vehicle on the market now.
BULL12|Even outpacing Tesla's Model S and Model Y vehicles back in 2018 quarter, Boros discussed plans to enter the US with an electric crossover sedan and with the Biden administration in play and their new sedan about the hit the market next year.
NEUT13|All things seem possible for NIO to enter into U.S. markets.
NEUT14|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT15|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT16|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL17|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT18|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT19|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
