NEUT0|"""Fiat Chrysler, so the idea of this one is an automated stock, an everyday analyze general models."
NEUT1|And as we can see, the majority do stock there.
NEUT2|Moving goals are always in the same way, so they're moving in a sideways trend.
NEUT3|So the idea is that the price will keep moving in this sideways before a kind of very light or very shy, let's say bullish market.
BEAR4|Now the prices are moving in sideways for the reasons that they said already.
NEUT5|In General Motors video, but is that the way to the coronavirus due to the situation in the US?
NEUT6|Worldwide concerns etc etc.
NEUT7|So these automakers stocks are really struggling to jump up, so the idea is that they will keep moving inside inside this channel, and so perhaps ideas to go longer because just just, you know, because we were too full of assuming that the pricing moving inside this channel.
NEUT8|Or perhaps there is still an opportunity.
NEUT9|OK, still going down and then up again.
NEUT10|So the idea actually based on stochastic this even in over already oversold by.
NEUT11|That's mean a lot.
BEAR12|To be honest with you bigger surprises in the middle of this channel, so the price is still really go down and then upwards so.
NEUT13|But in conclusion, the idea that those prices will be moving inside the channel so sideways trend less condition and it is now just hold a weight right time to buy.
NEUT14|Perhaps if the price will go down there would be a good opportunity to buy and then go up, but the idea is to go long as becaused this is shy uptrend but this is no right time to go longer.
NEUT15|Just wait a little bit more perhaps way that these distorted line almost 9 U.S. dollars.
NEUT16|I work as a resistance for the new rarely so old for now, and there's something important.
NEUT17|Just always compare different brains in the same businesses compared to Fiat Chrysler with the Toyota Hyundai, BMW was vague and General Motors, and you see that all of them they're performing in the same way.
NEUT18|It's very good when one of those group of stock in the same business, that one only one performs differently.
NEUT19|It means that the that one is good investment cause.
NEUT20|If all the other full of you perhaps are going in a bullish trend and the only ones going in bearish conditions sooner or later that bearish as to go up following the others, because this is the market global market out should work, so we should always strive to find one that does not believe as all the others they want is one that we would like to invest in so.
NEUT21|But it's very hard because generally all those stocks in the same business being in the same way take perhaps Pepsi and Coca Cola, or perhaps lift.
NEUT22|In the window, perhaps British Airways and or it means nobody.
NEUT23|Services like International Mission Group, which British Airways is part, and perhaps American Airlines take boring and our bus.
NEUT24|They're all performing the same way.
NEUT25|That's over my side.
NEUT26|"Thanks bye."""
