NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and predictions, December 26th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, what Apple's collaboration with NIO mean for NIO stock?
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started.
BULL3|Apple is ready to enter the electric vehicle market, and according to speculation, Apple will announce a strategic partnership with NIO, a partnership with NIO will benefit Apple in many ways, such as one they do not have to come up with the upfront capital to start a car company, which is extremely expensive, too, because NIO is a well established company.
NEUT4|They do not have to start from the ground up.
BULL5|Three, NIO is the leader in its field when it comes to autonomous driving.
NEUT6|Thus Apple will not have to compete or find better engineers to outdo Anio, although the benefits for Apple collaborating with NIO is great, many wonder how will apples collaboration effect NIO and what will it mean for NIO stock?
NEUT7|Here are some benefits for NIO.
NEUT8|One exposure.
NEUT9|Apple is a global brand with offices all over the world and with the base revenue of 274 billion.
BULL10|An iOS partnership with Apple will help to put an eye on a bigger stage towards customers and investors.
NEUT11|If an Iowan Apple joined forces the interest in an IO as a brand will skyrocket because after all, Apple is brand that many trust to combined revenue streams with the revenues of these two companies combined, it will equal up to 300 billion plus with their combined revenues, they can produce, deliver, and promote more cars to the public.
NEUT12|Let's not forget, Apple is number one at promoting new products and services to their specific customer base with their one of a kind commercials.
NEUT13|If Apple creates one of those global commercials for nio's vehicles, the outcome for NIO as a company.
BULL14|Will be a better profit.
NEUT15|Bottom line.
BEAR16|Three more sales Apple customers are loyalist.
NEUT17|Anything that Apple comes out with their customer base once immediately in first, if not simply just to show their friends, coworkers or neighbors.
BULL18|Apples collaboration with NIO will equal more car sales due to the fact that they are affiliated with NIO just like their iPhone, iPad and MacBook products.
NEUT19|Customers will wait in line for days just to be the first ones in their neighborhood to have one.
NEUT20|The same will result happen to NIO if they partner up.
NEUT21|4 stock price.
BULL22|If Apple announces a partnership with NIO, this will be an immediate catalyst for the company.
BEAR23|Some analysts expect an iota reach into the upper one, hundreds to two hundreds in stock price within a few hours.
BULL24|If this collaboration were to come about leaving NIO investors with more revenue in their pockets by the end of the year.
BULL25|Apples collaboration with NIO stock will mean more gains for Nio's accompany Anio will receive greater promotion, a larger revenue base, more sales and upward stock price target if they partner with Apple.
BULL26|So for NIO investors hold long and strong, the future is bright for us all.
NEUT27|Blue skies are coming.
NEUT28|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT29|If you haven't subscribed yet, make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you and your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT30|If you enjoyed this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL31|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT32|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT33|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
