NEUT0|"""So is the tech correction of late over or not?"
NEUT1|With the outperformance of unprofitable stocks and Sky high valuations, our next guest says it's not over yet.
NEUT2|Joining us now to discuss is Bernstein senior analyst Tony Sacco Nagi Tony welcome back.
BULL3|Good to have you with us.
NEUT4|What gives you heart about technology shares right now an what gives you heartburn?
BULL5|Sure, well, thanks for having me Tyler look the positives are that the secular growth story for much of tech is intact.
BULL6|It was very strong for a number of companies because of Kovid last year in 2020, but this year you know there are a lot of tech stocks that lagged and and much like the broader recovery play they may participate so, but but just generally secular fundamentals for technology remain good long term earning expectations for tech stocks are higher than the broader marketplace.
NEUT7|And that's positive you know the caution is.
NEUT8|You're certainly paying for that tech.
NEUT9|Overall is about as expensive as it has been since the technology bubble, but I think what we try and highlight in our note today is the most expensive technology stocks the top 20% of technology stocks are trading at an average of 17 times revenues.
NEUT10|Again, that's higher than it's ever been outside of the technology bubble an when we look back at 50 years of history stocks that traded those kinds of elevated levels.
NEUT11|Typically don't do very well over three and five year periods have very low hit rates, and so that's that's the concern that we have.
NEUT12|Hey Tony, your stock picks from Tesla.
NEUT13|Of course to Apple to IBM, they'll get a significant piece of their revenue from hardware.
NEUT14|How concerned are you about the chip shortage going forward?
BULL15|Well, generally speaking, I think hardware stocks over long periods of time have not fared nearly as well as services and software stocks, so you know, typically we encourage investors to have an underweight in traditional hardware companies.
NEUT16|So hardware companies you know include Apple, but they also include IBM and HP and Dell, etc.
NEUT17|Secular growth is not as strong in hardware as it is in other technology sectors in terms of the chip dynamic look.
NEUT18|I, I think the market understands that to some degree the market is always sort of looking past and trying to think about what normalized growth is.
NEUT19|And for most hardware companies that challenges you know can they grow?
NEUT20|Obviously not for Tesla, that's a that's a electric vehicle and automotive company that I happen to follow.
NEUT21|But more broadly in terms of technology, hardware companies that the top line issue is is sustained growth going forward and typically the market will look through things like.
BEAR22|Like chip shortages.
NEUT23|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT24|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
