NEUT0|"""Hello everybody, I thanks for watching this quick video on Amazon Store so today is not really good day for the stock said specially U.S. stocks do it to this room or state in Texas as well as in California."
BEAR1|The numbers of coronavirus people that has been infected is raising is going up, so it's not good news.
BEAR2|There are concerns around a second wave of coronavirus and.
NEUT3|Perhaps a lockdown local lockdown by different states that will be imposed by different states.
BEAR4|The government seems not to be keen to close again to avoid any problem and issues to the economy, but I think that people are still afraid and they feel the fear of a second coronavirus wave.
NEUT5|So based on this fundamental information, what we can see today is that the majority of the stocks.
NEUT6|Are going downward the are going in a retracement stage so in front of us there is Amazon.
BULL7|One of the best company that is performed during this.
NEUT8|I'm gonna virus and we can see that one hour candle.
NEUT9|Stick it up prices.
NEUT10|Amazon is being a bullish for since the middle of March and there's been moving sideways for almost one month for forming this rectangular formation and the boost break out of this dotted residence line, giving a signal of bullish of this market.
NEUT11|The idea right now is to hold because we don't know what's gonna happen.
BULL12|But because Amazon performed very well.
NEUT13|During the coronavirus, even if there will be a second wave, I think I'm actually not to be affected a lot, so we're not going to risk a lot or not.
NEUT14|So this is what I think.
NEUT15|But just because based on the previous on the previous wave of virus, but just that better ideas just world right now because we don't know what's gonna happen next.
NEUT16|That is too old, because perhaps the press can go down up to this testing again, these residents level and then perhaps jump up.
NEUT17|So perhaps when the price will go down to this dotted.
NEUT18|That line, or perhaps this one that's gonna fix forming new trend line, so perhaps this level.
NEUT19|Once the price will be down to these two level, perhaps it can be seen as signal one of those two for sure it can be seen as signal or buying.
NEUT20|So as it is now just hold and wait at the end of this set by price, set back or retracement.
NEUT21|That's over my side.
NEUT22|"Thanks bye."""
