NEUT0|"""The moving average convergence, divergent sore Mac D is a momentum indicator that shows the relationship between two moving averages."
NEUT1|Investors can use this indicator to measure a stocks momentum and determine its trend.
NEUT2|In this video will show examples for how the Mac D is calculated.
NEUT3|Identify potential buy and sell signals and discuss the benefits and risks of using this indicator.
NEUT4|At its most basic, the Mac D indicator tracks the difference between a fast moving average and a slow moving average.
NEUT5|Investors can adjust the duration of these moving averages, but many commonly used the 12 day as a fast moving average and the 26 day as a slow moving average.
NEUT6|In other words, the mcdee subtracts the 26 day moving average from the 12 day moving average.
NEUT7|Investors can use this information to help define trends, or they can take it a step further and use the indicator when applying the signal line.
NEUT8|The signal line is a faster moving average that crosses above or below the Mac D, typically a nine day moving average is used as a signal line.
NEUT9|Investors may use the signal line to help identify crossovers, which then helps them pinpoint potential.
NEUT10|Buy and sell signals.
NEUT11|A crossover occurs when the makde crosses above or below the signal line.
NEUT12|A bullish crossover occurs when the Mac D crosses above the signal line.
BEAR13|Some investors may consider this a buy signal.
BEAR14|On the flip side, a bearish crossover occurs when the Mac D crosses below the signal line.
NEUT15|Some investors may consider this a cell signal.
NEUT16|In addition to the signal line, the Mac D indicator has a histogram which investors can also use to identify crossovers.
NEUT17|The histogram plots the signal line from a different perspective.
BEAR18|For example, if the signal line is trending down, the histogram plots a negative value, but as soon as the signal line turns higher, the histogram displays a crossover in plots of positive value.
NEUT19|So when the histogram goes from negative to positive, it coincides with the makde crossing above the signal line.
NEUT20|Now that we've discussed how to calculate the Mac D and how to consider using it to identify potential buy and sell signals and crossovers, let's look at an example of how you can use the Mac D to help inform trading decisions.
NEUT21|Suppose an investor identifies a crossover in the Mac D above the signal line and buys a stock.
NEUT22|Once in the trade show monitor the Mac D and Signal line and stay in the position as long as the indicator is trending higher.
NEUT23|When the Makde crosses below the signal line, she could then exit the trade.
NEUT24|Keep in mind this is just an example of how the Mac D can help it investor identify potential buy and sell signals.
NEUT25|It doesn't always work this well.
BEAR26|Investors commonly experience frequent whipsaws when using the Mac.
NEUT27|DA whipsaw occurs when the Mac D gives a buy signal and then a stock quickly reverses lower and the Mac D gives a cell signal.
NEUT28|The Mac D can also be late in identifying buy and sell signals because it relies on moving averages that use historical data.
BEAR29|This can cause a lag between the current stock price and the buy signal in the indicator.
NEUT30|Because of these drawbacks, investors often wait for additional confirmation before entering trades.
NEUT31|Based on crossovers.
NEUT32|"That's why savvy investors combine the Mac D with other forms of analysis to confirm buy and sell signals."""
