BULL0|"""Well, first, let's remember that the tech stocks have had a huge run and so this is a bit of a sea change."
BEAR1|This is the policy uncertainty that can create some volatility in some parts of the market.
NEUT2|It's part of this shift.
NEUT3|It's a of the recovery trade that we've all been talking about that probably needed additional impetus.
BULL4|Additional support from Congress that now is likely to be forthcoming.
BEAR5|So you see a playing out Brian with interest rates, higher oil prices higher, so the dollar weaker.
NEUT6|Recovery trade that's playing out in technology had been such a big part of that weaker growth trade that the transition is now shifting to the more value oriented.
NEUT7|Some of the cyclically oriented industries of the market.
NEUT8|Do you think that has to do with the election results Brian or does it have to do with an ongoing shift that was already occurring?
BEAR9|Maybe sort of, you know, exacerbated by the projected results?
NEUT10|Oh no, it certainly has to do with the election results, so this is a recovery that was taking place.
NEUT11|We knew the Fed was all in.
BULL12|We saw what we got from a divided government with regard to additional fiscal support.
NEUT13|Now this changes that.
BEAR14|So this raises the prospect of a Biden administration, with many of the same players that we saw.
BULL15|In 2009, coming in this time, providing additional fiscal support than what we got during the global financial crisis.
NEUT16|And So what that does is that puts further support behind the economic recovery, and is why you're seeing interest rates up oil prices up the more value oriented parts of the market, outperforming the growth of your parts of the market.
NEUT17|That's all part of that recovery trade that now gets greater support from a unified government.
NEUT18|So is that what you're recommending is that where you want to put Invesco clients money into some of the more beaten up names for last year?
NEUT19|Or do you just ride that momentum train and big technology that has continued to work now for years?
NEUT20|Why wouldn't be?
NEUT21|I wouldn't be excluding technology, but the 2021 story is about that recovery trade, so if you go through the implications, higher rates, cyclical stocks outperforming value oriented stocks outperforming smaller and mid cap outperforming.
BULL22|Emerging markets outperforming in a weaker dollar environment that recovery trade should play out in 2021 because it should be an environment where the economy is accelerating and policy becomes more supportive.
BULL23|I think what investors need to be clear about though, is that ultimately that recovery trade will give way to a more modest expansion.
BULL24|Now that's not likely a 2021 story, but as we move beyond this economy recovers from the depths of the coronavirus crisis.
NEUT25|As we move beyond, ultimately we're going to get back to where we were calling 2011 through 2019, which is just a slow growth non inflationary environment.
NEUT26|That's where investors get back to favoring those true growth companies.
NEUT27|So I'm not saying that investors should be eliminate ING those positions, it's a transition.
NEUT28|It's a shift to the to the recovery trade and then back to a modest expansion beyond 2021.
NEUT29|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT30|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
