NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol VERU."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|If you're not sure what I mean by 30 minute, I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR3|Will a pretty mild day compared to Thursday when the volume just went crazy on it.
NEUT4|But now that we have more data, there's a couple of looking like key levels that really stand out, but I think a lot of people will be watching and I make that comment because when a lot of people are watching the same levels and wondering the same thing called a self filling prophecy called whatever you want, it can produce some very, you know, dynamic price movements.
NEUT5|So those are going to be the main level 1 focus on here and just really apply the KISS method here.
NEUT6|Keep it simple stupid.
NEUT7|So the first level that I think a lot of people will be watching rightfully so is this area down here at $4.80 when you go through the history of the chart.
NEUT8|You can see 480.
NEUT9|Behaved as support and then you Fast forward to today's price.
NEUT10|Movement behaved as support.
NEUT11|Behaved as support so there is no such thing as a guarantee in the market.
NEUT12|My core point here is that if the price were to come down to 480, behave in that manner then breakdown through it that break in of itself could very well create quite a bit of downside selling pressure again, that's not guaranteed to happen, But that's certainly a plausible thought to have and more than rational, so that is going to know that key level to keep a very close eye on in the event that level doesn't quite hold up, then at that point you would want to turn your attention to that Purple line there, which on my chart denotes that the very well known 50.
NEUT13|Simple moving average.
NEUT14|Now, on the flip side of things, same exact logic as far as areas of resistance are concerned.
NEUT15|The level that a lot of people watching is right there at 575.
NEUT16|Again, no such thing as a guarantee, but it's more than plausible.
BEAR17|It's more than rational to think that if the price can work its way up to 575 and then get a break of that, the break in and of itself could very well create quite a bit of upside buying pressure.
NEUT18|So there's gonna be a bunch of breakout players watching that level.
NEUT19|And again, rightfully so it makes sense to be watching that area, so we'll see how the price behaves within these couple of lines here.
NEUT20|Maybe the price is just about, you know, going to some sort of sideways channel pattern.
NEUT21|And just go back and forth.
NEUT22|But we'll have to see what this one has to offer as things continue to play out.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT25|But it will be me.
NEUT26|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
NEUT27|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me.
BULL28|Unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up.
NEUT35|For a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
