NEUT0|"""Hello and welcome to the inspired I'm sure Ogden today June 9th will be discussing some of the stock market's biggest mover."
BEAR1|The SMP started to slide down today and then early in the morning, came in report that America had the most job openings in 15 years.
BULL2|They started the trend on the positive for the day.
NEUT3|I look at this as being somewhat of a really good day, a turning point in the markets move as we can look here on the one year chart.
NEUT4|Anna Hundred 150 day moving average.
NEUT5|We can see that.
BEAR6|We're having a ton of support right here, and it looks to have come down to a low.
BULL7|You might go down a little bit lower tomorrow and start a little bit lower, but it looks like we have a ton of support at this 150 day moving average and it look for the market to start moving in a positive direction.
BULL8|Now company that really moved in a positive direction today.
NEUT9|Netflix if you enjoy been watching Orange is the new black or House of Cards.
NEUT10|Now might be the time to buy Netflix or soon a of increasing Netflix is.
NEUT11|Available shares at 5 billion.
NEUT12|This would be a possible 30 to 1 split, so Netflix might be in your shopping list coming this fall.
BEAR13|To look at it, I would say Netflix is not somewhere to enter now and if it does come back down there around 600 for whatever reason, sometimes scandal or the market has a big sell off.
NEUT14|Look to enter or you can get in when the split happens.
BEAR15|Another company in the news today was Tesla.
NEUT16|Tesla was in the news today because they had a shareholder meeting and in the shareholder meeting, Elon must discuss that the Model X should be coming out within the next three months.
NEUT17|If we look back, Tesla has been on a pair since about right here in a low oven about late March.
BULL18|This is an good earnings report and it's been on a good tear there.
NEUT19|But as we can see, we don't have a ton of support in the last six months and we look at a year date.
BULL20|Can come see here that we reach kind of like a high point on the chart from last November.
NEUT21|So it's impossible dip coming soon, and I think it's a possibility too.
BEAR22|But there is a possible dip coming just because earnings and they just can't keep running off to the races and might test is a good stock to do that.
BULL23|As you can see they have been running off to the races, but I would suggest pulling in on this week deeper in that range and then it's going to go back up to.
BEAR24|Another one to look at today was Apple started off terribly and even came down to that 125 range as I had been talking about in my previous videos.
BULL25|This presented a great buying opportunity and now looks to be moving in the forward in the right direction with all the announcement that they made yesterday at the Worldwide Developers Conference.
BULL26|Looks like Apple does have a good plan for an upcoming quarter an could be looking to make it 52 week high by next next month earnings in July.
NEUT27|If you enjoy my video, please make sure to subscribe and share.
NEUT28|Or you can follow me on any of the following apps.
BULL29|"Thanks and have a great night."""
