NEUT0|"""As an alternative to buying individual tech stocks, many traders are choosing to trade NASDAQ index futures from CME Group, which tracks this leading technology sector."
NEUT1|With the rise of big tech, investors are drawn to the opportunity presented by Apple, Google and more.
NEUT2|Here are just a few unique benefits to trading NASDAQ futures instead of individual tech stocks, NASDAQ futures provide an easier, faster and more flexible way to trade the NASDAQ 100 rather than purchasing a basket of stocks, you can trade one futures contract which tracks performance of these top technology firms.
BULL3|While volume in individual tech stocks can vary greatly from day to day, NASDAQ futures experience high daily liquidity, allowing you to get in and out of trades quickly and efficiently.
NEUT4|Day trading stocks also requires a minimum account value of $25,000 due to pattern DAYTRADER rules.
BEAR5|This can present a substantial financial limitation.
NEUT6|Today, traders of any level through the use of margin futures traders can day trade with a significantly smaller account balance, such as only $400 with ninjatrader.
NEUT7|Brokerage leverage provides futures traders power to control.
BEAR8|A larger contract value with a smaller investment compared to trading stocks on margin.
BULL9|Futures require less capital upfront and deliver significantly more buying power.
NEUT10|Futures markets are also centralized and consolidated, while equities markets trade across dozens of exchanges, some of which are in iaccessible to retail traders.
NEUT11|These factors mean regulation and liquid iti of futures is the same for all investors, institutional or individual.
NEUT12|Leveling the playing field for retail traders.
NEUT13|Futures instruments also allow traders to speculate both sides of the market with ease.
NEUT14|When you sell a NASDAQ futures contracts short, you're actually buying a contract to sell at a lower price in the future rather than borrowing to sell short and individual stocks.
NEUT15|Stocks and ETF's have a regular trading session of 6 1/2 hours a day, five days a week.
NEUT16|Futures product strayed nearly 24 hours a day, six days a week, allowing you more trading flexibility and the freedom to manage positions anytime of day.
NEUT17|Ninjatrader is always free to use for advanced charting strategy, backtesting an trade simulation visitninjatrader.com today for a free demo including NASDAQ.
NEUT18|"Teachers market data."""
