NEUT0|"""Joining me for more on that is Kim Forrest, who's CIO at Boca Capital Partners, and Lindsey Peake says the chief economist at Stifel is great to have you both here and, you know, Lindsey."
NEUT1|I mean as Steve said, there is something for everybody in the jobs report.
NEUT2|What are you hearing from Fed Chair Powell?
NEUT3|Thus far the implications as you can as you see them for future rate cuts.
NEUT4|Well, I think Paul was pretty much a middle of the road and we did see some confusion earlier in the week hearing from different Fed officials talking about the strength of the economy versus calling for a larger, maybe 50 basis point cut.
BULL5|So there was a lot of attention on Powell's comments today at whether or not he was going to indicate one side or the other, but instead he continues to say look, the economy is performing OK, but we want to continue to support the expansion which really supports the notion that the Fed will follow through with the second round rate reduction in September.
NEUT6|But it's not going to be a 50 or 75 basis point cut, likely just a quarter.
NEUT7|Rate reduction, what's the justification going to be?
NEUT8|Lindsey?
BULL9|Because while the payrolls report slowed a little bit for August, the trend overall has still been fairly strong.
BULL10|The unemployment rate numbers look very good.
BULL11|The wage numbers look good.
BEAR12|The African American unemployment rate down to five and a half percent.
BULL13|I mean, there's a lot of strength in this labor market.
BEAR14|Still, for all the headwinds people have been nervous about.
NEUT15|So if the Fed is taking a slowdown as its justification, that's a tougher case to make.
NEUT16|Then if they were to simply say, look, we hiked rates too many times.
BEAR17|I don't know going into this report, it was very clear that we saw weakness in manufacturing, housing, business investment and while this report wasn't dire to suggest that a recession is imminent, it does suggest that the labor market is weakening, so it was a week ISH report, which then doesn't bode well for the consumer, which has been the sole support for the economy.
BEAR18|If we start to see a slowdown in hiring, that's going to undermine the consumers ability to support the economy in the second half.
BEAR19|And you mentioned wages wages were OK, they've plateaued.
BEAR20|We've certainly lost some of that momentum.
NEUT21|We're no longer seeing an upward trend.
BEAR22|And as the labor market begins to slow, we would expect wage growth to trail behind that.
BEAR23|Typically when businesses begin to a layoff, workers there on the lower end of the pay spectrum.
BEAR24|So we wouldn't expect that downward pressure on wages to show up for another month or two, or even three.
BEAR25|But right now we're seeing the groundwork looking at that headline number that the labor market is showing red flags of losing momentum, so this is supporting the Fed's idea that the economy is beginning to slow across a number of key sectors.
NEUT26|Kim, your stock picker.
NEUT27|So the macro seems to probably collide.
NEUT28|Sort of forced its way into your point of view.
BEAR29|Are you seeing any evidence of a slowdown yet?
NEUT30|I mean, are you changing your investment strategies?
NEUT31|No, and I think it's because I'm probably an anomaly.
NEUT32|I look three to five years out and nobody knows what the macro is going to be there.
BULL33|"I'm just looking for good, well priced companies that are going to grow in the future, yeah?"""
