NEUT0|"""Hello, this is charting Mandan of the chart guys where we teach the little guy and girl how to utilized charts to manage their own trades and investments."
NEUT1|What do I mean by the little guy and girl?
BEAR2|Well we just had two directive signed halting the implementation of a rule that requires financial advisors to act in the best interest of their client.
NEUT3|Let that sink in a little bit.
NEUT4|The big wigs on Wall Street can play with your retirement and hard earned money without your best interest at heart.
NEUT5|We currently have hundreds of members taking charge of their financial future and we would love for you to come check out a free week with no credit card required.
NEUT6|To see if our services would be beneficial on your path to financial independence as well what we offer, we have a separate course of over 5 hours in length on when to enter and exit positions and in terms of what we do daily, we have nightly videos, key levels updated each morning before the Bell, 2 1/2 hours of live daily wait webcam coverage in the morning and in the afternoon an over 7 hours of educational videos.
NEUT7|All of these links can be found in the description of this video.
NEUT8|Come check us out.
BULL9|Thanks for watching.
NEUT10|Let's get on to the technical analysis.
NEUT11|Checking in on Facebook on the daily and weekly time frame so another day, and you definitely want to be cautious as a bull because the fact that we're seeing the SMP 500 at all time highs day after day we're seeing XL K with 10 green days in a row.
NEUT12|That's the technology sector and Facebook's not participating.
NEUT13|You look at Apple, the chart for Apple and it's clearly seeing a big time bull breakout Blue Sky.
NEUT14|And if Facebook can't hit Blue Sky breakout right here at one 3549 under these conditions, like I said in the last video, we start to consolidate in the financial or the technology sector and.
BULL15|SMP 500 we're likely going to see some further weight to the downside, so the fact that we're not hitting higher highs in this market is a bit concerning for the Bulls, so we do have an inside candle stick on the daily time frame with a range of one 3266 support and one 3370 resistance will be watching for a break of those levels tomorrow, and if it's a bearish break, we're going to test that Middle Bollinger Band on the daily, which will be just below 132 so that Middle Bollinger Band is going to be a key level.
BULL16|The upturn uptrend will remain intact on the daily time frame as long as one 2952 holds, so we do have a lot of wiggle room before we get to that level.
NEUT17|That low of consolidation just before earnings on the weekly time frame.
NEUT18|You can see that little indecision here, right at 134.
BULL19|Resistance still lower.
BEAR20|Highs still an inside candle stick last week and this week showing that range is tightening and showing that indecision and again indecision with market so strong is a bit of a red flag.
NEUT21|The daily time frame as I pointed out in yesterday's video, two days in a row with an all out dump in the 1st 45 minutes.
BEAR22|If we don't see that happen that would be a bullish change in trend.
NEUT23|Well that didn't happen.
NEUT24|This is day #3.
NEUT25|With a dump in the 1st 45 minutes recognizing patterns is essential to being a successful trader, and we can see three days in a row now with all out dumps right after the Bell rings.
BEAR26|So today we saw the bottom hit.
BULL27|At one 3266 we saw lower, high, higher, low and then we got a higher high by breaking the high of that bounce of one 3343.
BULL28|Not a ton of gains to be had to the upside, but the Bulls did control that trend with higher lows and higher highs into the end of the day.
NEUT29|From that point on on the hourly timeframe we can see the 20.
NEUT30|Hourly moving average rejecting the high of the day, rejecting a bounce attempt.
BEAR31|So that's a clear resistance to be keeping an eye on tomorrow one 3358 and we bounced just above the 200.
NEUT32|Hourly support of one 3264.
NEUT33|So zooming out and getting a broader picture.
BEAR34|We can see that that support we bounced just above it after the morning dump both days the past two days we have bounced just above that support level, so we know that if we lose that 200 hour moving average support, that would be a clear red flag for the short term bulls.
NEUT35|So we'll check back in tomorrow and see how that inside candle stick breaks.
BEAR36|I'll be watching XL K and the S&P 500 closely because if they formed bearish reversal candle sticks on the daily timeframe, that certainly is not going to favor the Facebook Bulls.
BULL37|Thanks for watching.
NEUT38|"See you tomorrow."""
