NEUT0|"""I was an engineer by training out of school, Harvard and MIT Engineering, and then I switched into marketing and at the time I switched into marketing."
NEUT1|Had no understanding of the power of marketing to change, not just the way people think, but the way people behave in 180 degree change for me and I always encourage people in their careers to be open to trying new different things.
NEUT2|'cause it took me out of my analytics shell, took me into a much broader world of marketing, and now that data and analytics live side by side with marking, I'm able to tap into that left side of my brain and I'm always going back.
NEUT3|I never thought that I would use so much technology and analytics and marketing, but to me it's a beautiful thing.
NEUT4|Now 'cause I love both worlds.
NEUT5|SunTrust is one of the largest banks in the US where a National Bank across the country.
NEUT6|Our retail footprint is primarily in the southeast from DC down to Miami, an out to Tennessee Banking is a very competitive category.
NEUT7|We there are over 6000 banks in the US where the 10th largest.
NEUT8|So we're one of the largest, and it's very important to stand out.
NEUT9|So five years ago we determined we were going to be a purpose driven bank, so we declared our purpose lighting the way to financial well being.
NEUT10|Five years ago, it's really resonated with people with clients, and that's where we think that we stand out.
NEUT11|My main role, if I were to put it in a nutshell, is to spur growth for the organization growth with our current clients and with new clients to build the affinity for our brand.
BULL12|We have a unique proposition because our goal is to build financial confidence.
BULL13|So I try to increase the visibility so people see our unique positioning and want to do business with us and want to participate in what we're building.
NEUT14|The need to create change is core to my role.
NEUT15|I think that's more important for CMO's than ever.
NEUT16|We want to make a difference, and in order to do that, we personally need confidence.
BULL17|But we need confidence throughout the organization.
BULL18|"Every level of organization needs something needs a confidence boost to create the kind of change that we want to create."""
