NEUT0|"""What's up traders?"
NEUT1|Welcome to another C Space trading video.
NEUT2|As I record live from Houston, TX.
NEUT3|I am traveling for my full time job for my company and I'll be here for the next 24 hours or so, but I definitely want to put a little more content out for you guys and just take a look at Facebook and see where it stands today.
NEUT4|So let's go ahead and dive into it here as I'm looking here on this daily chart.
NEUT5|Not much has changed.
BEAR6|It does seem that were sitting along this line of support it closed down, but a little lower at one 7250, and it does seem that the volume is shaded off a little bit, so it does look like a little bit of support has happening currently, but it's not just a little too early to get along quite yet.
BULL7|Stab into the hourly so a little bit of sideways trading today where it opened up and fell down pretty big on some good volume and then more volume came in here which created this doji candle here at the bottom of the day glow of the day, which is encouraging the fact that it kind of bottom here.
BULL8|Volume came in and it moved up and basically touched on Fridays close before selling off here at the end of the day so it's a little encouraging.
NEUT9|I don't think we're quite near the bottom.
NEUT10|I still think we could potentially may see 170, but it's still a little too early to tell.
NEUT11|Taken to the 15 minute chart for today, you see that massive sell off this morning and then we look like we might have an actual Green Day.
BEAR12|It got there and touched that close from Friday and then it fell right back off and had a decent sell off here at the very last 15 minutes of the day, so.
NEUT13|Still little still early, but if you noticed how this thing kind of comes down and it seems to have started to plateau, which tells me this thing may start at least creep back up here and touched his wage and then we'll see if we can get some confirmation and popping out of the wedge or but don't fall back down.
NEUT14|So why do I have to keep an eye on it and see where it goes?
NEUT15|But I am off the discover the beautiful city of Houston to see what has it store.
NEUT16|I just wanted to put this out here for you guys.
BEAR17|I apologize for the the.
NEUT18|The quality has.
NEUT19|It may not be as good as I'm trying to do this from a laptop in a hotel room, but guys you have a wonderful evening and I will try to get with you guys tomorrow.
NEUT20|"See ya."""
