BULL0|"""Katy Huberty OK. She's out with a note today too."
NEUT1|Overweight $130.
NEUT2|The price target, they'd be aggressive buyers.
BEAR3|They say if the stock got down to 100.
NEUT4|So Shannon, I mean this is a big question in the market about arguably the most love stock in the market.
NEUT5|What happens now?
BEAR6|We, I mean, we would expect to see this type of sell off Scott after replacement cycle.
NEUT7|We really haven't seen the full brunt of the Six 6S replacement cycle from the device perspective, so I know that we don't want to talk about Hansen's handsets anymore.
NEUT8|For Apple, we want to be focused on services, but to be honest with you, if you look at this upcoming year replacement cycle plus the growth they have in services and you think about the ubiquitous name that Apple is in our day-to-day lives, you know I think weakness is a buying opportunity, maybe not for the next six months.
NEUT9|But over the next five years, it's hard to think of a consumer brand that you'd want to have exposure to, and especially given that I think this sell off is a little early given their, you know the cyclicality of their business, it's interesting.
BEAR10|I mean, you talk about the next six months or you are you expecting a decline in shares over the next?
NEUT11|You know, short to medium term period of time, just given how the stock has has run up.
NEUT12|I think it's less about this particular stock and more about you know the broader you know technology conversation, and I know we're going to have that here, but this is, you know, this is such the bellwether of the things, and so you know I could.
BEAR13|I do think that there might be some selling pressure as investors find other opportunities in the market from a valuation perspective, but I've grown a bit weary in this argument that these tech valuations are so outsized, the fangs are actually not that expensive.
NEUT14|If you look at where they could be given, you know the fundamental tailwind that they've enjoyed during Covid.
BULL15|And so I think there might be some weakness, but to Pete's point, we might have another opportunity here over the next couple of months to add to a position mean digas you look at valuations among these large mega cap technology growth stocks.
NEUT16|Facebook is 30 times alphabets 30 times, Microsoft, 32 times Amazon's come down a bit.
NEUT17|It's still 92 times Netflix is 65 times.
NEUT18|Let's not forget too, that we've been talking a lot about multiple expansion and the reason why these stocks rose to begin with wasn't necessarily on their great fundamentals.
NEUT19|It was on multiple expansion, for example.
NEUT20|At the March Low Apples PE was 16 times.
NEUT21|Today it's around 30 times.
NEUT22|The question is, do the fundamentals of these stocks justify the expansion of the multiple to that degree?
BULL23|Yes Scott, we agree with that.
NEUT24|The valuations if you use those types of valuation does look outsized, but what we're looking at is free cash flow to enterprise value.
NEUT25|If you look at that, also, operating cash flow yield somewhat different measures, but if you look at from that vantage point.
NEUT26|Many of the mega tech names are actually fairly valued, maybe a little bit slightly over valuable.
NEUT27|With this pullback, it gives you opportunity to buy into the business case, and so I think all of us on this panel are more long term investors and so we see that the the Fang stocks many of them.
NEUT28|The business case still exists to own these stocks as we have these pull backs.
NEUT29|This is a buying opportunity for many of these individual stocks and what I will say you have to look at each individual stock and their business model to make that decision.
NEUT30|"Why?"""
