NEUT0|"""Yeah, I think the weather really was a story for those February numbers, and they'll be more, you know, we've got housing starts today, home sales, durable goods."
NEUT1|Next week.
BULL2|They're all going to be trashed by the storm, but I think that effect is is pretty clear and my guess is that what J PAL will do today is gloss over those point out that the outlook is improving dramatically, but at the same time I think he will push back on some of the market's inflation fears.
NEUT3|Again, he's done this a few times recently and I think you'll want to make the point that look, this is still a forecast recovery.
NEUT4|So talking about policy response to a forecast recovery and a forecast future inflation risk is still very premature.
NEUT5|I'm optimistic, but let's wait and see what happens.
NEUT6|I think that will be the tone.
NEUT7|The last time we heard from Jay Powell, there were a lot of commentaries suggesting well, he could have done more.
BEAR8|This was a missed opportunity.
NEUT9|He could have encouraged rates lower through stronger language and yet the other side of the coin was a suspicion that maybe he was doing what he was doing to let a little bit of gas out of valuations in equity markets and to cool some of this Reddit stock.
NEUT10|Trading behaviour, what's your interpretation?
BEAR11|Because I know that there was a level of dissatisfaction around how Jay Powell talked about the spike in bond yields last time round.
BEAR12|Yeah, I think a lot of people in markets expectations run a bit ahead of themselves.
NEUT13|I don't think he was ever going to come out and say we've got to stop.
BEAR14|This rising yields is a terrible thing, and we're going to take action about it.
NEUT15|And first of all, the Fed doesn't work that way anyway.
NEUT16|It is not a one man.
NEUT17|Band decisions are made fairly slowly and deliberately, except in times of total crisis, which this very definitely isn't.
BULL18|So I think as well, a lot of Fed speakers have talked about how the increasing yields is mostly being driven by a rise in real yields, which is a reflection of improving growth expectations.
NEUT19|Rather than a big surge in inflation expectations, which would be a different story from the Fed, you know, we know they're obsessed with inflation expectations, but they really haven't moved all that much, so I think from Mr. Powell's perspective, this this is still a development which is not really very scary.
BEAR20|Of course, you know if you are along a 10 year note at 1% and you're still sitting at 1.6%, it's been very uncomfortable, but from a macro perspective, as your survey suggested, you know a 1.610 year note is not the end of the world.
NEUT21|It's still close to 0 in.
NEUT22|Real terms, plus of course they're still buying $120 billion a month.
BEAR23|An fiscal policy is about to become astoundingly accommodative again.
NEUT24|So does the Fed really need to step in and try and dampen bond deals at these levels?
NEUT25|"And no, I don't think it does I, I'd be astonished if they did that today, even if they took any steps towards doing that today, but I think they'll they'll stick to the same line."""
