NEUT0|"""Bitcoin may well be a substitute for gold."
NEUT1|We don't know that yet, but it's starting to behave that way.
NEUT2|But is Bitcoin a substitute for the dollar?
NEUT3|So I think really what we're seeing in the in the discussions we are having with the clients is that people are looking for portfolios that have a reasonable balance between risky assets and safe assets.
NEUT4|And what is happening is that the bucket that used to be a lot of US fixed income is getting put into all kinds of other buckets.
NEUT5|Being at gold being Bitcoin or Chinese bonds to some degree, right?
NEUT6|So there's sort of a shift out of that safe U.S. dollar assets.
NEUT7|There was the US Treasury.
NEUT8|Into a spectrum of other alternative safe assets, and Bitcoin is a part of that.
NEUT9|Now that's the really what's new about this year.
NEUT10|Is that institutional investors are getting engaged in Bitcoin, so it's very different from the initial reserve.
NEUT11|Very speculative retail move.
NEUT12|You had an in cryptocurrencies.
NEUT13|There are a lot of institutional money that is involved in Bitcoin this year.
NEUT14|So then yes, does it make you a buyer of that?
NEUT15|And does Bitcoin have to have a weak dollar to keep rising or no?
NEUT16|It sounds like it's completely independent of what's happening with the greenback.
NEUT17|I think that I think those are very separate dynamics, but the one variable that is really important is where is that you as bond yields, right?
NEUT18|If if we had a big move in the US yield curve, let's say like bond yields, went back to where they used to be like 3-4 percent, it'll be a totally different game and the sort of appetite for holding instruments that have 0.
NEUT19|You would be totally different, but in the short term I think the biggest thing that is going on right now is that finally with the vaccine around the corner, there's a huge appetite in the US to get engaged in global risk assets, and we track global capital movements very intensively, and the last 4-5 weeks have been record breaking out flows into emerging market stocks.
BULL20|"Other stocks around the world where you can return, essentially betting on a global recovery."""
