NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol FB, Facebook."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|If not sure what I mean by 30 minute ioffer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT3|Also from disclosure standpoint I do own Facebook and my retirement accounts from the long side, so just keep that in mind as I go through the analysis here.
NEUT4|But overall Monster Monster movement not only not only from the price action perspective, but you look down here at the volume an all time highs today and on that note I want to map out a couple levels that I'm going to be watching tomorrow from a training standpoint.
NEUT5|So this is not me.
NEUT6|Talking from an investment standpoint, from a training standpoint that I think a lot of people are going to watch in wondering about, and I make that comment about a lot of people, because when lots of people are watching the same levels and are thinking the same things and wondering the same things called a self filling prophecy call whatever you want, it can produce some very dynamic movements and the level that I'm very, very curious about is right here at 228 fifty and you're going to have all sorts of people from long to Short's and everybody in between watching and wondering can the price.
NEUT7|Stay above that level.
NEUT8|Or if that level gets tested so mean if the price rolls back over, which I mean, let's be real.
NEUT9|I mean, there's going to be some profit taking that shows up at some point.
NEUT10|This thing is up a crazy amount, but if the price rolls over and falls below that level now, don't get me wrong, there's no such thing as a as a guarantee in the market.
NEUT11|But my point is, it's at least a very plausible.
BEAR12|It's a rational thought to have that if that level is indeed violated, it could certainly create some more downward pressure.
BEAR13|Now, downward pressure, not in the sense of this things going back down to $200, but downward pressure in the sense of from a training standpoint.
NEUT14|There could definitely be some opportunity there because really next level of support, not until where the thing opened up down around the 224 mark.
BULL15|Once again.
NEUT16|I'm not saying that level fails then it's for sure dropping down there within 45 minutes.
NEUT17|I'm just saying, you know, these are a couple of key levels that really kind of illustrate that.
NEUT18|Yeah, if there is profit taking that shows up, there could certainly be some nice, you know opportunities on the on the downside trade right there as far as levels of resistance, nothing fancy or complicated here.
NEUT19|You know every breakout player and their brother's aunt is going to be watching this level up here.
NEUT20|At 2:31 25, and that's just simply where the party essentially stopped today.
NEUT21|So keep an eye on that level there too, but for me I'm very interested with that two 2850 Mark.
NEUT22|So let's see how this one plays out on Thursday.
NEUT23|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird.
NEUT28|But in a productive type away, the second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use.
NEUT29|But in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT33|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT34|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT35|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT36|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT37|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT38|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
