NEUT0|"""Neo stock analysis and Predictions March 1st."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions time set for NIO, entering Europe.
NEUT2|Alright, let's get started Anio plans to enter the European market in the second half of 2021.
NEUT3|William Lee, CEO of NIO, said it a web conference after entering Europe NIO plans to start selling in other international markets in 2022.
NEUT4|The report said an iOS electric vehicles on sale include the ES 8 ES, 6 E 6 and 87.
NEUT5|Covering SUV's and a sedan model when it starts entering the European market in the second half of the year, it will be the first time an IO sells electric vehicles outside of China.
NEUT6|An iOS first stop in overseas markets will be Norway, the first country in the world where electric car sales account for more than 50% of vehicles.
NEUT7|This is based on a hint from Lee who said in a January 10th interview with several English language media outlets that the center screen navigation map shown at the launch of its first sedan, the ET7 revealed information about its entry into overseas markets.
NEUT8|The screen showed that the address shown in the picture is Karl Johans Gate in Oslo, Norway, and other evidence that Enyo may enter Norway first is the job advertisement posted on LinkedIn, which shows that the company is already hiring locally for a large number of positions, including delivery specialists.
BULL9|According to analysts, it wouldn't be surprising if Nio chose to enter the Norwegian market first with a record 54.3% of electric vehicle sales in 2020, despite the COVID-19 causing delays in the release of several new models.
BULL10|That's up from.
BULL11|42.4% in 2019 and up from 1% a decade ago, making Norway the first country in the world to have electric vehicle sales account for more than 50% of vehicles.
NEUT12|The high penetration of electric vehicles is also a fact that Lee constantly mentions when talking to the media, Lee said that Nio's entry into overseas markets will start with Europe first due to the consensus on the importance of electric vehicles and Environmental Protection in Europe.
BULL13|The proportion of electric vehicle sales in Europe rose very quickly last year, with Norway exceeding 50%.
BULL14|Which is very good.
BULL15|Lee also said that many of the automotive regulations in China and Europe are close and that the European user and policy environment is more friendly to electric vehicles.
BULL16|Adding that the signing of the China Europe Investment Agreement also allows Chinese companies to have a more friendly environment when entering Europe, as with rival Tesla high level automatic assisted driving capabilities and excellent power performance of the highlights of an iOS products, an iOS products generally support battery swap and when battery swap stations are built intensively enough, refueling times are similar to or faster than those of internal combustion vehicles.
NEUT17|According to an iOS president, keenly hung in the field of electric vehicle manufacturing and IO has up to 1200 patents, including battery pack, vehicle battery, swap station and cloud dispatch system, which is an end to end complete system.
BULL18|An IO is the second largest electric vehicle manufacturer in the world by market capitalization and ranks sixth among all auto companies, surpassing car companies such as General Motors, Volkswagen and Honda.
NEUT19|That's what's been happening this week in the world of NEO stock analysis and predictions.
NEUT20|If you haven't subscribed yet.
NEUT21|Make sure you click the subscribe button at the bottom right and subscribe to financial health right now so that next week you'll get the inside scoop on the latest developments to keep you in your business on the leading edge of NIO stocks and predictions.
NEUT22|If you enjoy this edition of NEO stock analysis and Predictions, Leave a comment and please hit the like or share button.
BULL23|We'd really appreciate it.
NEUT24|Are you still watching and want more?
NEUT25|"Check out last week's NEO stock analysis and predictions by checking out our Neo playlist."""
