NEUT0|"""Welcome back to 10X stocks like subscribe and let's get into latest NEO stock analysis and predictions December 27th."
NEUT1|In today's NEO stock analysis and predictions, hedge fund invests in Nile stock.
NEUT2|Let's get started.
BULL3|The electric vehicle manufacturer NIO has had an incredible year so far, turning its investors into billionaires.
BEAR4|But there have recently been a lot of naysayers saying that Neo stock will go to zero and.
NEUT5|Similar nonsense, This is why we will go over a new large hedge fund without invested in Neo and sees it as a company with huge potential.
NEUT6|Lenovo Capital, a large investment fund, said it invested in NIO stock early on because it saw the potential from it in the electric vehicle market and how far it would go in the future.
NEUT7|Lenovo Capital stated the following.
NEUT8|We firmly believe that investing in a company like Neo is opportunity hard to find.
NEUT9|Electric cars are set to change the automobile industry for the better and electric car companies such as Tesla, Nile and Spain are on top of that.
NEUT10|So they offer a huge opportunity is what Lenovo said.
NEUT11|Lenovo Capital is one of the hedge funds that has been with Neo since the beginning.
BULL12|Currently they own over 1.3 million in Nile shares across the board, which proves how confident they are in the future of the company.
BULL13|Lenovo said this Neo was in our portfolio because we believed in the company when it was just a startup and experienced various setbacks and we are on our way up.
NEUT14|Lenovo Capital is just one of the many hedge funds that invest in Nioh.
NEUT15|Some of the biggest hedge funds also investing in NEO or JP Morgan and RWC Asset Management.
BULL16|All of these hedge funds, believing Niles Future and its ability to become a leader in the electric vehicle market, which will possibly surpass Tesla in the future.
NEUT17|In summary, many large hedge funds believe in Neo as a company, and they are not worried about the recent pullbacks.
BEAR18|Like many analysts have stated, Nile is not currently down because of its fundamentals.
BEAR19|It is down due to other Chinese companies that are in legal trouble like Alibaba and the large delisting rumors that were spreading about two weeks ago.
BULL20|Nile remains a good long opportunity for investors to capitalize on the growing electric vehicle sector, and we also have mild day coming up in just a couple of days, which I believe will be a big catalyst for the Nile stock price.
BULL21|Hold long and strong blue skies are coming.
BULL22|Thanks for watching.
NEUT23|"Like subscribe and go watch my other videos."""
