NEUT0|"""Hey, it's clean this via video chart on ticker symbol AAPL Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Also from disclosure standpoint I do own Apple in my retirement account from the long side, so just keep that in mind as they go through the presentation here.
BULL5|But today overall a nice solid move on Apple.
NEUT6|The question just becomes yeah, but I don't know is there any sort of true power behind the sponsor is just one of these dead cat bounces and you got to be skeptical of the balance.
NEUT7|Why should you be skeptical?
NEUT8|Well, just keep in mind where it's at relative.
NEUT9|To the 50.
BEAR10|Moving average, which has a very clear downward slope to it, it's still down below that level, so the overall context is still bearish and you can have bullish moves within bearish contexts, in fact.
NEUT11|Exhibit A right here.
NEUT12|Don't even need to look at any other chart right here.
NEUT13|I'm in a fantastic bounce, a huge balance, but that was all occur in what below that?
BEAR14|Purple line ostomy rolled back over.
BULL15|In fact right there, not nearly as big of 1, but still a nice bounce, but all occur in below the purple line eventually rolled back over.
NEUT16|Now don't get me wrong just because there's another nice bounce an just because it's still below the purple line does not mean that for sure guaranteed it's going to rollback over my point here is that you want to be a little skeptical.
NEUT17|You want and need the price of prove itself, which brings about the next.
NEUT18|Question will quickly, well, how is the price going to prove itself by getting up above that purple line and then staying up above it and the current value of the purple line?
NEUT19|As of right now you look over here you can see is 118 fifty, so 118.
NEUT20|Fifty definitely going to be that key level to watch moving forward, like not necessarily just to break above it, but the price has to be able to stay up above it.
NEUT21|So watch that closely from the resistant side of things.
NEUT22|As far as areas of support or concern.
NEUT23|The important level that you definitely want to see hold is going to be right there at the 1:15 mark and the reason why you definitely want to see the whole nothing fancy.
NEUT24|But I mean if the price would go down there, break, blow it and continue on down at that point from a very literal perspective, you would quite literally have the price right back at these lows where it already was and not to insult your intelligence.
NEUT25|But price movements that go back to where they were not exactly sound true power, true strength or anything like that.
NEUT26|So as of right now those would be the main dynamics to watch moving forward, but let's see how Apple continues to play out.
NEUT27|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT28|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT29|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL30|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT31|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT32|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT33|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR34|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT35|I'll explain it all though, including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT36|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT37|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT38|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT39|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT40|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT41|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
