NEUT0|"""Most of you have probably read in the news something about Google."
NEUT1|An alphabet in the whole situation seems pretty confusing at first, so I'm going to do my best to simplify that and explain what has happened, because it's a pretty big deal in tech.
NEUT2|All my information is coming from the announcement by Larry Page himself, as well as several articles written about that announcement.
NEUT3|I'll link all of my sources in the description below, and Interestingly enough it's not on alphabet.com or anything.
NEUT4|It's actually on ABC dot XYZ.
NEUT5|That's where you can find the announcement and read it yourself and the domain alphabet.
NEUT6|Com obviously just got a whole lot more valuable as well as the Twitter handle at Alphabet.
NEUT7|I looked it up and it looks like it's just.
NEUT8|Owned by a regular guy so he might have just hit the Jack Pot.
NEUT9|Alright so there are three main parts to this new company alphabet coming to fruition.
NEUT10|#1 corporate restructuring number, two career reorganization and #3 purpose redefine Minton.
NEUT11|All of those reasons make sense because the only truly new thing is the company alphabet itself.
NEUT12|You should look at it as a company refresh because not that much is actually changing alright.
NEUT13|So starting with corporate restructuring, Google used to be in charge of everything that has to do with the company.
NEUT14|That includes the mainstream parts that have already proven to be successful and profitable like Maps.
NEUT15|YouTube, Chrome and Android, but Google was also in charge of totally separate wings like the X Lab Life Sciences, Sidewalk Nest, Fiber Calico, and investment wings like Google Ventures.
NEUT16|For the sake of this video, I'm not going to explain what each of those wings do exactly, but let me know in the comments below if you want me to explain them in future videos and now to show you what's changed after this announcement.
NEUT17|It's really not that much.
BEAR18|Google has been slimmed down to just the mainstream Internet related sectors.
NEUT19|The other wings are becoming individual companies with their own CEO's.
NEUT20|And all of the above are wholly owned subsidiaries of Alphabet Incorporated.
NEUT21|In other words, Alphabet now owns and helps run Google and all of the non Google related companies that used to be run by Google.
NEUT22|An important side effect of this is that Google's earnings are now reported separately from the other companies, which helps simplify things for investors Speaking of investors.
BEAR23|All of the Google stocks are turning into a one to one ratio of alphabet stocks.
NEUT24|Hopefully you're still following along and we can move on to the next part career reorganization.
NEUT25|Obviously with all these new companies being under Alphabet.
NEUT26|I think there are a lot of new careers and people are being moved around, but there are really only four.
NEUT27|You need to know.
NEUT28|Google co-founder Larry Page is now the CEO of Alphabet, Google co-founder Sergey Brin is now the President of Alphabet Susan.
NEUT29|Voici key will remain the CEO of YouTube and probably most importantly, Sundar Pichai is the new CEO of Google.
NEUT30|Sundar was in charge of a lot of things at Google, including Android and he was like the unofficial future of where the company was going and now its officials into the CEO and the final thing you need to understand about all this is purpose.
NEUT31|Redefine Minton this is more conceptual so I won't have any graphics to go along with it to help explain.
NEUT32|But to start off I want to quote Larry Pages first paragraph and his announcement because it's really well said as Sergey and I wrote in the original founders letter 11 years ago.
NEUT33|Google is not a conventional company.
NEUT34|We do not intend to become one as part of that.
NEUT35|We also said that you could expect us to make smaller bets in areas that might seem very speculative or even strange when compared to our current businesses.
BULL36|From the start, we've always strived to do more in to do important and meaningful things with the resources we have.
NEUT37|We have to keep in mind is that the really successful projects like YouTube and Android had humble beginnings and the creation of Alphabet is to focus on creating new successes and continue the company that way instead of just going into cruise control and continuing with what they already have.
NEUT38|Alright, so that wraps up my explanation.
BULL39|I think it was a really good move by Larry Page and his fellow executives.
BULL40|'cause not only will lead to the creation of more successful projects, but also brings light to the efforts there already putting into finding new projects.
NEUT41|If this video did help you understand Alphabet, go ahead and share it to your friends.
NEUT42|If they are also interested in this kind of stuff.
NEUT43|Thank you for watching.
BULL44|Hope you enjoyed.
NEUT45|"Subscribe to see more content and as always stay classy."""
