NEUT0|"""Welcome back in today's video, we're going to take a very quick look at Ameritech Ventures, ticker symbol, ATV K. Remember, all uploaded content is strictly for educational purposes and is only my opinion."
NEUT1|While you're here guys, please hit them like and subscribe buttons so we can continue to bring you fresh content in the latest hot stocks.
NEUT2|If you want to join our Discord community, it's 100% free and links in the description.
NEUT3|Without further ado, let's get into it.
NEUT4|Ameritech Ventures manufactures machinery that is used to manufacture optical fiber preforms.
NEUT5|These pre forms are then used to produce commercial grade optical fiber.
NEUT6|The company's products can be used in the telecommunications industry.
NEUT7|AMERITEX equipment provides the pre forms that can be used to manufacture fiber optic cables.
NEUT8|Ameritech Ventures Inc, a company focused on developing and launching innovative technology manufacturing products for businesses and governments, announced today its merger with VW Win Century Inc.
NEUT9|Formerly Flex Fridge, Inc. Ameritech Ventures now owns the Flex Fridge Mini Fridge patent via its wholly owned subsidiary Flex Fridge Inc, which is in the final stages of a production prototype for manufacturing.
NEUT10|Flex Fridge was re engineered to focus on business to business markets that require refrigeration for storage items such as meats, beverages, medicines and blood.
NEUT11|The company will launch a new Flex Fridge website to focus on B2B markets.
NEUT12|Flex Fridge was redesigned to be used for medical purposes and the company will submit product specifications for testing with the proper certification bodies.
NEUT13|One of those certification bodies is old, which provides medical certifications.
NEUT14|Flex Fridge offers 4 cubic feet foldable portable refrigeration storage on wheels.
NEUT15|The eight hour battery allows users to keep meat, milk, blood and medicine cooler to set temperature.
NEUT16|Flex Fridge is loaded with powerful sensors providing key data about current temperature, leakage, weight, humidity, and spoilage.
NEUT17|The company is developing a flex fridge mobile app that will let users monitor multiple flex fridge units simultaneously.
NEUT18|This product is for companies that transport a large supply of perishable items and need to share their data with headquarters.
NEUT19|If there are problems with an item inside the unit, the user will be notified immediately.
NEUT20|Best of all, flex fridge folds for storage when Flex fridge is folded.
BEAR21|Its storage footprint is reduced by half.
BULL22|Ameritech Chairman and CEO Doctor Shawn Parsley said Flex Fridge is a timely product.
BULL23|We are working quickly to manufacture flex fridge for mass market and to get the medical certification done as quickly as possible.
NEUT24|Ameritech is working on cleaning up the balance sheet.
NEUT25|Its lawyers are making the necessary filings for a recent court ruling.
NEUT26|The definition of what is a dealer has been confirmed by a federal judge.
NEUT27|Financing done by the previous management team is not valid based on the definition of a dealer.
NEUT28|For a recent court ruling, if an unregistered dealer completes a transaction, the entities, owners, offices and directors can be held personally liable.
NEUT29|This means Ameritech can collect from the entity and the people who own or manage the company.
NEUT30|The process of cleaning up the balance sheet will be completed over a period of time.
BULL31|The recent rulings provide Ameritech with a path forward to help it grow and move into the future.
NEUT32|Remember, I'm not a financial advisor and you are responsible for your own trades.
NEUT33|Always do your own due diligence before investing any money in the stock market.
NEUT34|As always, please like and subscribe for more content.
BULL35|It would really help the channel grow.
BULL36|"Thank you and take care."""
