BEAR0|"""It's really easy to blame Amazon for this retail apocalypse that everybody is talking about, but you look at Best Buy, which has reinvented itself Walmart's doing a pretty good job of fighting back."
NEUT1|It is possible to succeed in this new paradigm and bed bath and beyond they were just stuck in the past on a formula that had worked really well for decades, but they didn't adapt well.
NEUT2|There are changes now whether they've been intentional or forced by activists.
NEUT3|How big are those changes relative to what needs to be done?
BULL4|Well, it's certainly a great start.
NEUT5|I mean almost the whole board is new, they will be bringing in a new CEO.
NEUT6|The Directores have a lot more E Commerce and retail experience.
NEUT7|In the past late, so that's certainly a step in the right direction, but they have so much work to do.
NEUT8|I mean they they've created this board committee to oversee all these changes and the list of their tasks goes on and on and on.
NEUT9|I mean, it's everything from managing inventory, better to maybe selling some assets.
NEUT10|This was a company that is very much controlled by its founding families for a long time and their successor was sort of picked by them.
NEUT11|It's not that uncommon in retail right now, right?
NEUT12|You see several of these.
NEUT13|Whether it's the gaps of the nordstroms, where they have still some involvement, or at least ownership by a family, and you would have thought of the Websters without brands that you would have thought that they were perfect.
NEUT14|Candidates have gone private and sort of do this revamp.
NEUT15|Outside of Wall Street's gaze, do you see any possibility that window closed?
NEUT16|It's not that easy to go private as we've seen with Nordstrom.
NEUT17|They tried this and raising money in the world of retailing right now is difficult to do, so I don't foresee a whole lot of that happening.
BULL18|Your story so good.
NEUT19|There's so many sort of juicy little tidbits including on the frugal culture and the fact that they wouldn't buy post it notes well from my reporting, you know, they found one of the founders, Warren Eisenberg.
NEUT20|He in this video talks about how poor he was growing up.
NEUT21|He said he was 16 years old before he ever ate in a restaurant, and I think that really permeated the culture, and it was a real benefit to them for a long time.
NEUT22|I mean, you know, Walmart benefited from that frugal culture and that mindset can really do be a great thing, but in today's world where you have to spend a lot of money just to play catch up.
BEAR23|On E Commerce, I think it really hurt them.
BEAR24|Did you get the sense that it hurt morale of the broader company as well?
NEUT25|I do.
BEAR26|I mean, employees talked about having to buy their own computer monitors 'cause the ones they were given were out of date.
NEUT27|That you know that can't make you feel like you're working for you know a cutting edge company.
NEUT28|I hate to invoke the name, but it sounds like Bear Stearns.
NEUT29|I don't think bed Bath and beyond is systemically important, but that was the Bear Stearns culture and it was very, very popularly so actually, Ace Greenberg was known for being that there's always bye bye baby.
BULL30|I mean that has to be doing well.
BULL31|I do believe that's doing variance doing well, you know, but you know.
BEAR32|"The birth rate is down, so they have their own challenges."""
