NEUT0|"""What do you think of this interoperability?"
NEUT1|The fact that emerging Facebook within the Messenger product, the Instagram product?
NEUT2|Eventually the WhatsApp product is had some pushback within Facebook itself, but it's a coburgs vision, yeah?
NEUT3|So what we have here is the mother of all con joining of triplets and that is typically you separate great brands to create enterprise value.
NEUT4|Mark Zuckerberg is trying to encrypt the backbone between WhatsApp, Instagram in the core platform, Facebook such that he has one communications network across 2.7 billion people.
NEUT5|Or the population of the Southern Hemisphere plus.
NEUT6|India, what could go wrong?
NEUT7|I actually think and I've said this before.
BEAR8|I think Mark Zuckerberg is the most dangerous person in the world.
NEUT9|And if you look at key moments in our history where we moved to tyranny, one of the key steps is someone consolidates the media and the notion that we're going to have one individual deciding the algorithms for an encrypted backbone of 2.7 billion people is frightening.
NEUT10|Regardless of that, person's intentions are not them trying to.
NEUT11|They're even talking about putting the Facebook brand on each of these.
NEUT12|I think Mark Zuckerberg is doing is taking prophylactic moves against any sort of antitrust, so you could say would be impossible to unwind us now.
BEAR13|This is absolutely bad for the planet.
BEAR14|Bad for society, and it's clear where they're going and encrypted.
NEUT15|Backbone Khan joined the triplets and claim that if you do anything, you're going to kill all of us.
NEUT16|So since he's taking this step preemptively, doesn't that make the DOJ or the FTC's job fairly easy and that they can go in there and say directly?
NEUT17|OK, then I want you to separate these different businesses that you somehow merge together.
NEUT18|Does that become the solution or the preferred solution by the government to address when they look at Facebook for antitrust violations, will typically antitrust.
NEUT19|Plays out over the course of years or even decades, and so the idea to try and con join the companies as quickly as possible such that they can make the argument that they can make a nationalist argument and they're making it now that the Chinese are coming for us with their AI, weaponized companies and you need a big company too.
NEUT20|And in fact, we're the only ones that can do a stable currency coin, and they're going to try to make the same argument around encrypting the backbone, when in fact the FTC and the DOJ, as they've shown at least stomach some stomach for should go on background and say.
BEAR21|This is not going to prevent us from splitting you up, so be careful, but there has never been a greater failure in FTC or DOJ history than approving the acquisition of Instagram.
BEAR22|"I think we all probably regret that now."""
