BULL0|"""Giacomo Nonspeaking, thanks for watching this very quick video on Astra Zeneca."
NEUT1|It's gonna be a short video just describing using technical analysis.
NEUT2|This one hour candle stick with this stock out it's it is performing as we can see be mainly using a simple technical analysis like train the lines and you know support resistance line with this talk has been performing has been moving sideways.
NEUT3|With not enough or down trained in this situation, when the price is moving sideways, it's not the best for us trader becauses when there is a trend, it's much easier for us to invest in the trend direction.
NEUT4|In this case, when there is no trend, the best option is always too old.
NEUT5|Especially now when the price is moving inside this channel between between 75 almost between what is is like 75 and 88 U.S. dollar, we are exactly in the middle of the channel using.
BEAR6|Some channel Terry.
NEUT7|The idea is to go long.
NEUT8|We should have gone along to around the beginning of December when when the prices were closer to this bottom line.
NEUT9|Now we're in the middle of the channel, but we might need the prices I think.
NEUT10|Can keep going up with this target price of 88 U.S. dollar, but as we are now, it's too late to go long.
NEUT11|But we can do with Justin Twitter further signal before going long and the signal can be.
NEUT12|The support level of £82 if this support level will be broken.
NEUT13|The idea is to go long, meaning if the next day is the close daily prize at least for two or three days in a row is above £82.
NEUT14|That is too long, or vice versa.
NEUT15|Just hold the 'cause if this support level would not be broken in the next days the pricing can see the prices can still go down before going up, so that's all from my side always combined.
NEUT16|Technical analysis with fundamental analysis.
NEUT17|Read a lot of news.
NEUT18|And be sure that the fundamental analysis matches the technical analysis and vice versa.
BEAR19|So conclusion prices moving inside the channel old for now, with the support level will be broken before going along.
NEUT20|"Thanks, bye."""
