BULL0|"""Etsy CEO Josh Silverman speaking out against Amazon support for a California bill which seeks to hold electronic retail marketplaces to the same liability standards standards applied to brick and mortar retailers, Silverman says, quote Amazon is taking bold steps to wipe out its competitors by promoting complex hard to comply with legislation that only they can afford to absorb."
NEUT1|Amazon's goal is to be the only place to buy stuff online.
NEUT2|Hobling mom and pops that sell unique items in their own shops.
NEUT3|Or more freak frequently since covid through marketplaces like Etsy.
BEAR4|Small businesses struggling now more than ever will ultimately bear the brunt of the overbearing burdens of what is a B3262.
NEUT5|And again that does seek to hold electronic retail marketplaces to the same liability standards applied to brick and mortar retailers.
NEUT6|Jim, something that you'd imagine would not be good for Etsy.
NEUT7|No, and I think that Josh Brooklyn's own Josh has raises a lot of good points, which is basically that it would.
NEUT8|This was a anti Amazon building.
NEUT9|Is it even when I obviously California didn't want Amazon dumping cheap stuff, but what happens been Co opted and it could be very easy for Amazon basically to make the rules too hard so that S he wouldn't be able to vet 70 million items sold.
NEUT10|I thought this was a really important so important that when I talked to Shopify tonight I've gotta bring this in because I thought that that Josh understands the Wolf in sheep's clothing.
NEUT11|A B3262 is no consumer protection bill.
NEUT12|It's just one of those things that Amazon better distanced itself from right now if they want to be a good actor and they know that they ought to just say, you know what we were on the wrong side of this.
BULL13|But a great thing.
BULL14|But a great thing.
NEUT15|If they did that because they are, you can't do this to the small business person, and that's who's on Etsy.
NEUT16|And that's who's on Shopify.
BEAR17|And they're the ones who are struggling most in this country, not Amazon.
NEUT18|"It would be called the first law of its kind to hold online retailers liable for defective goods sold on their platform, so would be forging sort of a new area."""
