NEUT0|"""Netflix is an Internet television network that engages in the delivery of TV shows and movies directly to users devices."
BULL1|Its stock price has increased 82% since beginning of the year as the company has experienced massive subscriber growth.
BULL2|I know first was able to correctly predict that the stock price would increase so far this year, as this bullish forecast shows.
NEUT3|But will the stock price continue to rise?
NEUT4|I know first applies financial services, mainly through stock forecasts using a predictive algorithm.
NEUT5|The algorithm incorporates a 15 year database and utilizes it to predict the flow of money across 2000 markets, including stocks such as Netflix.
BULL6|Netflix is stock price has soared this year due to its reporting that surpassed 60 million total subscribers for the first time last quarter, the company ended the March quarter with 20.9 million international subscribers.
BULL7|This amount should continue to grow as the company continues to expand.
NEUT8|Netflix is currently in 50 countries, but aims to finish expanding into 200 countries by the end of 2016.
BULL9|Analysts estimate the company could have 103.5 million international subscribers by 2020, / 5 times what it has now.
BULL10|This alongside strong, original content, provides plenty of further upside potential for the stock.
NEUT11|I know first algorithm has correctly predicted the behavior of Netflix stock price in the past and this one year forecast.
BULL12|Netflix had a bullish signal strength of 326.54.
BULL13|The stock price increased 55.53% during that time.
BULL14|I know first is also bullish on Netflix now for the three month and one year Time Horizons, the longer time horizon has an especially strong signal strength of 46.39.
BULL15|This makes sense considering Netflix is international, subscribers will continue to grow.
BULL16|"I know first remains bullish on Netflix and believes the stock price has much more upside potential during the rest of the year to receive a full analysis of Netflix and other top investment ideas, as well as the top algorithmic forecasting performance reviews visitiknowfirst.com."""
