BULL0|"""In the last week of February, interest rate trading activity surged to two to three times its average level over the past 12 months amid a steep decline and then sudden reversal in the bond market that had impacts in equities, precious metals and currencies."
NEUT1|So what happened, exactly?
NEUT2|Well, for starters, this occurred after an extended period of extremely low interest rates in the United States.
BEAR3|As a result of the pandemic.
BULL4|But this period of low interest rates began to change a little bit in early January, and February is interest rates began to trend higher amid a promising vaccine rollout.
BULL5|Additional fiscal stimulus in a reality of extremely high savings in the United States, which gave away to the possibility of a very strong economic recovery later in 2021, along with some possibility of additional inflation, and said this slight upward trend in interest rates at the longer end of the yield curve.
BEAR6|Collided with the $7 trillion US mortgage market.
NEUT7|the US mortgage market is almost unique in the world and that many Americans who borrowed to own homes do so with an option to prepay their loan.
NEUT8|This prepayment option allows them to take out a new lower interest rate mortgage to pay back the older higher interest rate mortgage in the event of extremely low interest rates and so of course, during the pandemic many American families took advantage of this option and began pre paying their mortgages.
BEAR9|Now this creates a challenge for the owners of mortgage backed securities mortgage backed securities.
NEUT10|Unlike other bonds around the world typically don't have stable durations.
NEUT11|In the United States because of this prepayment risk.
BEAR12|And during this long period of low interest rates, prepayments rolled in shortening the duration of many of these bonds.
NEUT13|But when that trend began to reverse and interest rates began to rise, it created an expectation and prepayment models that durations of many of these bonds would be longer than people had previously expected.
NEUT14|As a result, they began to engage in hedging activity to hedge against the risk of longer and longer durations and their mortgage bond portfolios, and this, in turn, created a spiral.
BEAR15|In which people would hedge by selling futures on things like euro dollars or US Treasurys or engaging in other financial transactions to similar effect which in turn pushed interest rates higher, reducing further the expectation for further refinancing, causing the duration of those bonds to potentially lengthen further and creating another spiral of hedging activity and higher interest rates.
BEAR16|But two factors seem to have short circuited this spiral towards lower bond prices and higher yields at the last day of February.
BULL17|And in very early March, and there's two factors where a a strengthening U.S. dollar and be a correction in the equity market so higher US yields began to attract capital from foreign investors into the US bond market.
NEUT18|Secondly, equity investors took note and some of them took the opportunity to sell stocks and to buy suddenly more attractive U.S. government bonds and other kinds of fixed income securities.
NEUT19|Now, if you're curious about the risk of future cycles of Morgan Tadjik.
NEUT20|And the potential impact on markets 1 area you can look to as a mortgage bankers Association's refinancing index.
BEAR21|The closer that index falls towards 0 the less likely it becomes that we will have further rounds of mortgage convexity hedging.
NEUT22|"I'm Erik Norland, senior economist with the CME Group in London."""
