NEUT0|"""Hello everyone, before moving onto the video we ask you to support us and subscribe to our channel please."
BULL1|Ripple has been a sideshow throughout this week, although likely to end the week higher by 5% as the Bulls snap a two week winning streak.
BULL2|Ripple stands resilient to the ongoing lawsuit filed by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, finding support from the recent comments from Ripple's chief Executive Officer Brad Garlinghouse.
BEAR3|The lawsuit has hindered activity in the United States, but it has not really impacted what's going on for us in the Asia Pacific, Garlinghouse said in a Reuters interview on Friday.
BULL4|He added, we have been able to continue to grow the business in Asia and Japan because we've had regulatory clarity in those markets.
NEUT5|The token also cheers.
BULL6|The recovery stated by Bitcoin late Friday as Ripple Bulls now look to reverse Friday slump and yield a break to the upside ripples.
BEAR7|Daily chart shows that the price remains locked in a tight range for the 11th day in a row, although forming higher highs.
NEUT8|The range has been secured by the Bears 21 daily moving average.
BEAR9|On the upside, while the upward sloping 50 DMA cushions the downside, the 14 day relative strength index trades listless, but almost at the midline, suggesting that the spot lacks a clear directional bias.
BULL10|Amid such a technical picture, the prospects of an upside break appear more compelling given that the price has been forming higher highs.
BULL11|Further, the Ripple Bulls have to cross only one critical barrier at 0.4905 dollars in order to unleash the additional recovery gains.
NEUT12|That level is the 21 DMA.
BEAR13|The next relevant resistance is seen at the psychological $0.50, above which the falling trendline resistance at 0.5877 dollars, could test the Bulls commitments.
BEAR14|On the flip side, a bunch of healthy support levels is stepped up, which could likely make it a tough task for the sellers to extend their control.
BEAR15|Immediate support awaits at the 50 DMA of 0.4241 dollars below which the February 23rd low at 0.3658 dollars, could be challenged further South.
BEAR16|The strong support 200 DMA at 0.3494 dollars could be the last line of defense for the Ripple Bulls.
BULL17|To conclude, the path of least resistance appears to the upside if the 21 DMA barrier is taken out on a daily closing basis.
NEUT18|In the interest of brevity, Ripple in search of a fresh direction while ranging between 21 and 50 Dmas.
BEAR19|The number seven coin forms higher highs on the 1D chart, suggesting a potential upside break.
BEAR20|RSI trades flat at the midline.
NEUT21|Bulls need to crack only this one barrier at 0.4905 dollars.
NEUT22|Don't forget to subscribe to our channel and open notifications to learn more about gold dollar, Euro commodities.
NEUT23|Bitcoin altcoin crypto currencies and other investment tools.
NEUT24|In this video, references and opinion is for information purposes only.
NEUT25|It is not intended to be investment advice.
NEUT26|Every investment and trading move involves risk.
NEUT27|"You should do your own research while making a decision."""
