NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL, Apple."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR4|Well, quite the rough day on this one, not only because it was a red day, but from a technical point of view.
BEAR5|A very significant breakdown level occur.
NEUT6|Dan, this should make sense to those you that really even have a basic surface deep understanding of charts.
NEUT7|But if you do then I'm sure you've heard the 200.
NEUT8|Moving average, which in my chart is a noted there by that pink line value that will just call it one 1750.
NEUT9|And again, assuming you have the general basic understanding, you know that one of the prices above that level that does imply that the overall trend, the overall flow of things is in the bullish direction.
NEUT10|But you can see here that that level not slightly got violated, but I mean it got broken to the point where it broke below it and then just kept sinking and sinking and sinking and all the way down it went.
NEUT11|So a situation where you know, does that mean that Apple is now going to just, you know, go down to zero?
NEUT12|I'm not saying that at all, I'm just saying, technically speaking.
NEUT13|A rough level to have broken and that also brings about a very important area to watch moving forward, and this rule is just based on a foundational you know principle in charge in which states when levels of support are broken and closed below they do tend to act as resistance.
NEUT14|So again, if there is any sort of bounce back to the upside, keep an eye on right around the one 1750 mark 'cause that would now be considered the near term level of resistance.
NEUT15|So watch that closely an now it really just becomes if question of OK.
BEAR16|I don't want to freefall, that's a little bit probably 2-2 dramatic of a term, but I mean there's definitely some big down downwards.
NEUT17|Momentum that's you know made itself apparent.
NEUT18|So the first key level of support to watch moving forward, going right there at 1:15 seventy mark.
NEUT19|But if one 1570 cannot quite hold up next key area after that down there around the one 1415 Mark, Silky Brian those couple of levels of support to moving forward.
NEUT20|Blake said the big dynamic was the breaking of that 200.
NEUT21|Moving average.
NEUT22|Very significant technical level, and we'll see if this is the beginning of a much bigger move to the downside or not.
NEUT23|First off thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick before you go.
NEUT24|I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT25|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type of way.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it.
NEUT29|Quite literally, is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR30|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT31|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT32|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to get way too good to be true, but it's not.
NEUT33|And I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT34|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT35|That is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT36|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay.
NEUT37|That I will send you click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT39|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
