NEUT0|"""Hello everybody, today I'm going to be talking about why I think Google is such a great buy on the stock market right now."
NEUT1|Google is currently number one, an online advertising and we're really seeing a huge shift from more traditional advertising to online advertising television.
BEAR2|Advertising is going down magazine and newspaper advertising is already way down and it was already down 10 years ago.
BEAR3|Radio advertising down is down.
NEUT4|Online advertising is really the way of the future and Google is number 1 right now.
NEUT5|Many of you may not know this, but Google is actually the 11th most visited website in China right now.
NEUT6|Even though it is absolutely illegal in China, you're not even allowed to visit a very simple video on YouTube that has nothing to do with something that would be opposed by the government with You Tube being how big it is in China right now.
NEUT7|That really just shows how amazing of a product it is that people are willing to break the law to visit this site, 'cause it really has all kinds of videos on it and.
NEUT8|Google actually cannot capitalize on this viewership in China because it is illegal, so it's really just has markets that it can't even capitalize on, but hopefully will in the future, and to further capitalize on the Asian industry with the huge expanse of YouTube, some people are becoming multimillionaires based off of their YouTube videos.
NEUT9|Just look at all the top 100, two 100,000 channels and how fast they're able to expand and make millions, and then think of how fast Google must be making money off of YouTube.
NEUT10|This is just looking at Google's financials at a glance on Yahoo Finance.
BULL11|Their revenue has increased year to year and probably will continue to do so from year to year for many years to come.
NEUT12|And it has a 1.6 by rating from Yahoo Finance and actually has a 1.5 buy rating for Google for the voting shares.
NEUT13|Lastly, I just wanted to take a look at Google's PE ratio or price to earnings ratio.
BEAR14|Let me see my bit high, but I think for what you're getting for the Google stock, I think that's absolutely worth it, and I think Google is really just going to blow up even further.
BEAR15|They target estimate for one year from now is 1345 from the Yahoo Finance analysts, and I think that's really undervaluing Google.
NEUT16|I think they're going to be even further, possibly at 1500, about 12 months from now.
NEUT17|Maybe just over.
BULL18|I think Google is an absolute great buy right now.
NEUT19|If you enjoyed enjoyed this video and found it useful, please like and subscribe.
NEUT20|And if you have any comments on the video.
NEUT21|"Or please comment down below and I'll be sure to get back to you."""
