NEUT0|"""Hey, it's playing this video chart on ticker symbol HPIL."
NEUT1|We will take a look at the 30 minute time frame.
NEUT2|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT3|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
NEUT4|Quite eventful day today, not only from the price action standpoint, but you look down there at the volume and well above average volume on the day price movement all over the place.
NEUT5|Things are looking a little shaky right now, but just because things are looking shaky does not mean that everything is destroyed.
NEUT6|So I'll say that again looking shakyan, being destroyed are two very different things.
BEAR7|So yeah, it does look shaky because I mean the price absolutely exploded upwards and now you have this pretty big pullback, but this is also why I would def.
NEUT8|We consider this level down here a very important level moving forward.
NEUT9|At let's see what is that the 0009 Mark Wise 0009 so important?
NEUT10|I'm not saying this was going to happen but just for explanation sake.
NEUT11|But I mean if the price were to come down to 0009 and then break down below there, what would you have at that point?
NEUT12|You would quite literally have the price having gone right back inside of that range that it just broke out of today.
NEUT13|Or said another way, that would imply that the price absolutely exploded upwards to then go right back to where it was and not to insult your intelligence.
NEUT14|But that's not necessarily a sign of true power.
NEUT15|That's not necessarily a sign of genuine strength, so again, that's why I'm not saying that's what's going to happen, but in my mind, that's why 0009?
BULL16|Very important level of support to watch now if the price starts to work its way back upwards where some of these areas of resistance at.
NEUT17|First, the area resistance than any sort of movement to the upside going to be right there at 0013 and then after 113.
BULL18|Up there at 0016 and if the price can get back up to 116 and get a good high volume break of there.
NEUT19|I mean nothing is guaranteed, but especially if it's a high volume break of 116, you gotta like the chances that this thing could make a very legitimate change.
NEUT20|Push up to the 002 if not even higher than that, but you know one hurdle time.
NEUT21|Let's just first see if the prices stay up about 0009 Mark.
NEUT22|It will be very interesting to see how this one closes out the week on Friday 1st off.
BULL23|Thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT24|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it.
NEUT25|It will be me live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL26|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT27|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT28|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR29|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT30|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT31|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not and I'll show you how it all works.
NEUT32|Then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session that is again totally live, even if you can't make the live session.
NEUT33|Please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT34|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box.
NEUT35|So you can get the date and time and claim your spot, which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT36|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT37|"If not, I'll be seeing you soon."""
