NEUT0|"""It's clear in this video chart on ticker symbol AAPL we will take a look at the 30 minute time frame."
NEUT1|Not sure what I mean by 30 minute.
NEUT2|I do offer an explanation video at that link.
BEAR3|While a very rough day on Apple, especially when you factor in that context of how strong Friday was with the big bounce, but you know, it's not like Apple teased or misled.
NEUT4|I mean there was a gap down and then the 1st 30 minutes basically set the tone for the rest of the day.
NEUT5|Yeah, the Bears were in charge and you know down it's gone.
NEUT6|Since then I'm going to just go ahead and get rid of that line there, because in my mind to just keep this as straightforward as possible in terms of gauging levels of resistance and kind of the the strength of the bears.
NEUT7|If you will.
NEUT8|The Bears are in full control right now, as long as the price is down below that purple line.
NEUT9|And I mean if you squeeze things on, offer up more context, you can see that it's already been in a downtrend and that purple line has done a great job there for the main part here is 1 false break out of it where the price got above it.
NEUT10|But then also you know ultimately fell back below it got rejected from right there.
NEUT11|But other than that false breakout, I mean check out all these.
BEAR12|There's a dead cat.
BEAR13|There is a dead cat.
BEAR14|There is a dead cat.
NEUT15|There is a dead cat, you know, and even there is a dead cap so that purple line minus at one time has done a fantastic job.
NEUT16|So point here being that moving forward, you know, as long as the price, in my opinion at least.
NEUT17|Is down below that purple line, then the bears are in full control.
BULL18|You know the bears are in full health.
NEUT19|However, you want to visualize that, but that is definitely.
NEUT20|Going to be a level that you know, I would say be very skeptical of any sort of upward price movement as long as the price is still down with that purple line, because as I just showed, there have been a lot of dead cat bounces along the way in terms of areas of support.
NEUT21|Now gotta go back quite a bit of ways in the charts history here.
BEAR22|'cause as you're seeing here, it has been a very long time since the price of been down at this area of the chart.
NEUT23|But the next key level of support to watch closely going to be right there at the 116 mark and then after 116 at next level down there at.
BULL24|The 114 mark Brian those couple areas of support moving forward as right now the Bears are definitely in full control.
NEUT25|First off, thanks so much for watching the entire video real quick.
NEUT26|Before you go, I want to invite you to a live webinar, web class, training workshop, online event, whatever you want to call it, but it will be me.
NEUT27|Live revealing to you what I discovered that has allowed me to transform myself from being an employee to being my own boss, including how I had only one losing day out of 73 days in total.
BULL28|I'm going to cover 3 keys that have helped me unlock profitable consistency within the markets.
NEUT29|The first key is super weird, but in a productive type away.
NEUT30|The second key is super awesome because it quite literally is wired into our DNA as humans, making it very easy to use, but in a cruel way.
BEAR31|This becomes a pitfall for many traders.
NEUT32|I'll explain it, although including how to avoid the pitfall that it creates for some.
NEUT33|And yeah, the third key when you hear it sounds way to way too good to be true, but it's not, and I'll show you.
NEUT34|How it all works then at the end I open it up for a question and answer session.
NEUT35|That is again totally live.
NEUT36|Even if you can't make the live session, please still sign up as it will be recorded and you can go back and watch the replay that I will send you.
NEUT37|Click the image on the screen or click the link down in the description box so you can get the date and time and claim your spot which I should note is limited due to the fact that this truly is a live event.
NEUT38|If you have any questions let me know.
NEUT39|"If not I'll be seeing you soon."""
