BULL0|"""Hey guys and welcome to the channel."
NEUT1|In this video I'm going to be talking about a stock that has a lot of potential ticker symbols.
NEUT2|VY any I'll be talking about the company and why I think this stock could have 10 times potential, so stick around.
NEUT3|So before we get into the video, make sure hit the subscribe button if you haven't already to keep up with our daily videos and also join the Discord will be a link in the description.
NEUT4|Alright, so the company Vinny Therapeutics and make pharmaceutical products and they have a focus on molecule stabilization.
BULL5|The stock currently is trading for just $2.00 a share, but I think this company has a great chance to grow very much more so.
BULL6|The company has already received contracts for the technology and they have the money on hand to expand growth.
BULL7|The company has also announced these two new contracts in the past few days that are going to be huge going forward.
NEUT8|These contracts are for the companies use Vinny's technology to treat patients with inflammatory conditions and their treatment is cheaper than the current treatments used to combat these conditions.
BULL9|And they've already received FDA approval for this acne treatment, which I think is going to be huge.
BULL10|This market, along for people with acne and eczema is huge and can drive the stock price higher, but they also have plans to expand even more.
BULL11|Their client base is continued to build up and this year could be huge, but the company has the possibility to become the predominant treatment for these different conditions, which would be huge for them.
BULL12|The company already covers around 60% of the market in this field and with their expanding clientele they could be headed closer to 80% this upcoming year.
NEUT13|So the product is a spray on foam which makes it super easy to use.
NEUT14|In a huge thing I love about this company is their marketing plan a market mainly through online advertisements which is cheaper and it targets younger people and I think this is huge because many people struggle with acne and are willing to try many different types of treatments.
NEUT15|They also have a treatment in pill form which is a refillable prescription which is very good for profit margins.
BULL16|So the company also plans to expand other countries in the future and also to expand their treatments outside of their main treatments which for the moment are acne.
NEUT17|And Lastly one huge thing I look for in these type of companies is who owns the shares.
NEUT18|If you look into it, the company insiders have not sold any shares, which in my eyes this is huge and shows that they have a lot of confidence in the future of this company.
NEUT19|But what do you think about this company?
NEUT20|Could it reach $20 this year?
NEUT21|Let me know your predictions down below.
NEUT22|Personally, I think this company could be huge and it's definitely something worth putting in your watchlist and doing some more research on.
NEUT23|So remember to always do your own research before investing because this video is not for financial advice.
NEUT24|"It's just for entertainment purposes only."""
