NEUT0|"""Now just to kill the suspense, diving down to the energy dividend aristocrats, it bears out exactly what you're talking about."
NEUT1|I mean, you've got Northwest natural gas.
NEUT2|There are distributor public campaigns, Oregon, or Consolidated Edison.
NEUT3|That's like the quintessential utility MGE energy.
NEUT4|Same deal, Atmos Energy, natural gas distribution utility.
NEUT5|Exxon Mobil, the decorator have integrated.
BEAR6|Energon Corp It's an oil producer, but they actually just recently cut their heels.
NEUT7|Probably take them on the list and Chevron, another integrated oil producer.
NEUT8|So is that where people should be looking for dividends guys?
NEUT9|I mean if you want a company that's just going to plod along in the markets, in paid consistently, raising rising dividend, and sure, yeah, that's that's great, but you're not going to see a whole ton of capital appreciation from these companies right?
NEUT10|At the same time, I mean, there is a lot of power in that, you know, I think one of the things that's underappreciated.
NEUT11|When we talk about dividends, dividend stocks, we always think of him as an income stock of that idea where it has to be somebody who is looking to use the dividend to simply, you know, pay for lifestyle or supplement income in retirement.
NEUT12|Something like that.
NEUT13|But for younger investors, dividend investing can be extremely powerful in that dividend reinvestment model and you know we may look at it and say, oh, these companies don't grow at a very fast clip.
NEUT14|However, you know from an individual investor.
BULL15|Sandpoint that reinvested dividend model on some of these companies that have shown year in year out that they can do dividend payments and dividend increases.
NEUT16|You know that can be a pretty powerful tool for building wealth, and if you're holding it for 20-30 years, yeah you can almost get the stock for free.
NEUT17|Essentially is each divot if if you look at a dividend instead of income.
BULL18|If you look at the dividend is lower, lowering your cost basis.
NEUT19|"Each dividend you pay, you gotta start cheaper, so yeah."""
