BULL0|"""I guess I would be on the optimistic side, however, because I think our government is doing a fantastic job of using the full force of everything we have at the governmental level."
NEUT1|Two bridges to this other side of an act of God capitalism are the real economy is essentially in a state of suspended animation, and we have to have government affectively step in and they are, and I think they're doing it in a really comprehensive way.
NEUT2|I have some complaints about some things but.
NEUT3|I'm actually optimistic that we will have been going concern capitalist economy on the other side, but it'll be a different flavor of capitalism than what we're used to explain that Paulhan what your complaints would be about what the government's done so far.
BEAR4|I don't know from the sample of complaints, it's probably just a matter of work in progress.
NEUT5|So far I've been able to count up non special purpose vehicles that have been created which are joint ventures essentially between the Fed and the Treasury and Congress, and they all sort of sum up to what I call Bank of Uncle Sam and their wonderful.
NEUT6|That's the bridge to the other side in the two that really mattered most.
NEUT7|For me, when I think in terms of society at large or the payroll protection program and the municipal finance program, I think they're doing a great job on the PPP as it's called, because those will be loans that are forgiveable, so they're effectively grants.
NEUT8|But on the municipal side, and this is where I'm really focused these days on the municipal side, there is a funding facility, but it's alright now structured as loans.
NEUT9|And ultimately, I think that Congress is going to have to allocate some old fashioned taxpayer dollars which are actually printed up by the Fed in these circumstances to effectively make a lot of each municipal loans forgivable.
BEAR10|"Make them grants because state and local governments literally can't reopen with the deep hole that has been dug as a result of loss revenue."""
