NEUT0|"""Well, well, Facebook is taking a new tack in his battle with Apple over its operating system change."
NEUT1|That change will ask users if they want to opt out of being tracked on their devices.
BULL2|Facebook now saying it could actually end up helping its bottom line yesterday in the clubhouse interview Mark Zuckerberg saying quote a lot of these changes are going to make it harder for small businesses and developers.
BEAR3|Now, Facebook has said that if they can't use data from tracking, advertisers will generate 60% lower sales based on those ads.
NEUT4|But in A twist.
BULL5|Zuckerberg says this could end up helping Facebook because of its investment in e-commerce.
NEUT6|Saying Quote apples changes encourage more businesses to conduct Commerce on our platforms by making it harder for them to basically use their data to find the customers that would want to use their product.
NEUT7|So, Zuckerberg announcing that Facebook already has more than a million active shops with more than 250,000,000 people interacting with shops every month.
BULL8|So that's a sign of their investment there now, along with Spotify CEO Daniel Eck.
BEAR9|Zuckerberg did criticize the fees that Apple charges, saying they take a bigger cut than what Facebook takes guys.
NEUT10|Julia speaking out.
BEAR11|We've got to talk about this Instagram version for kids, and I know the company is going to face a lot of criticism for targeting a younger demographic under 13 years old.
NEUT12|But I actually think it could be good because if the kids are going to use it anyway, at least they should use a safer version.
NEUT13|Tell us about it.
NEUT14|Sarah, that's exactly their argument.
NEUT15|That's exactly what CEO Adam Osiri said.
NEUT16|He tweeted out, confirming this report, 'cause at first leaked out as a report.
NEUT17|Most area said kids are increasingly asking their parents if they can join apps that help them keep up with their friends of version of Instagram where parents have control like we did with Messenger Kids is something we're exploring.
BULL18|Will share more down the road, but Sarah, you're absolutely right.
NEUT19|They figure if kids are going to be trying to skirt the rules and get on the app anyways, they'd rather have them do it legally.
NEUT20|Of course there are lots of questions.
NEUT21|Hurdles about parenting groups and parents who might not want their kids to do this, but Sarah.
NEUT22|Of course.
NEUT23|You know there are the risks of bullying on on different mobile platforms and digital platforms, and these are all things that Facebook is going to have to worry about when they're dealing with the under 13 set.
NEUT24|Shepard Smith here.
NEUT25|"Thanks for watching CNBC on YouTube."""
