NEUT0|"""What's going on?"
NEUT1|Guys and welcome back to stocks and seconds where we do extremely quick rundowns of businesses which have been suggested by you guys today will be taking a quick look at Sprouts Farmers Market ticker, symbol SFM.
NEUT2|Let's get into the video.
NEUT3|What's going on guys?
NEUT4|My name is Angela Tender and before we start I just ask that you guys please subscribe and hit the Bell icon to be notified for future videos and also please make sure you smash that like men because it really really does help the channel out alright, so let's start with a quick analysis and valuation of Sprouts.
NEUT5|Then we'll finish up with my overall first impressions of the company.
BULL6|Sprouts Farmers Market is a healthy grocery store chain with a core focus on fresh, natural and organic food products.
BULL7|As of early 2020, they operated 341 stores in 22 States and since being founded in 2002 and just starting out as a small farmers market, sprouts has grown its way into a $2.5 billion company which has seen consistently growing revenues and earnings.
BULL8|In addition to the increasing revenues, an earnings sprouts has proven to be a cash flow machine with consistently increasing levels of free cash flow, which has grown from $111 million to almost $350 million in just a few years.
NEUT9|Now, even though these cash flows are great, the company still has a pretty heavy amount of debt with 1.7 billion in depth and only having.
BEAR10|328 million in cash, which of course could be a cause for concern.
BEAR11|But with such low interest rates, the defensive business model and the excess of free cash flow.
BULL12|This debt might make sense in order to keep expanding their store count across the country.
NEUT13|Lastly, let's consider the valuation.
BULL14|Sprout seems cheap at only a 11 1/2 times price to earnings ratio and about a one times PEG ratio, which means they're still expected to grow at about 11%.
BULL15|Per year, but the forward PE of 13 times indicates that investors might assume they can probably get in at a better valuation next year.
NEUT16|Now, if you've seen my videos on stocks that I'm buying, you'd probably know that I've actually been investing pretty heavily into Sprouts Farmers Market, and I give some reasoning as to why that is.
NEUT17|Of course, in those videos.
NEUT18|In addition, if you do happen to want to watch a deep dive analysis of Sprouts Farmers Market, I recommend checking out my video on that as well.
NEUT19|All these links will be down in the description below, so I'll also be sure to post some more Sprouts Farmers Market videos, so please make sure you guys are subscribed to keep up with those.
BULL20|"But with that said, thanks for watching peace guys."""
