NEUT0|"""How's it going?"
NEUT1|Everybody, it is Garrett with simple Stax investments coming to you guys with a breakdown on Apple.
BULL2|We had a really good day.
BULL3|Really nice bounce off of our daily support.
NEUT4|This is also like a bit of an update video.
NEUT5|The last video that I posted.
BEAR6|We were right around here right around that support where I was expecting to see either a break to the downside with the market pullback if we didn't like that infrastructure plan and everything looked to the downside or.
BEAR7|As the price continued to consolidate the potential for a breakout, as we had already had three touches of resistance and three touches of support also, one thing that we we saw here was an inverse head and shoulders, which is an obvious reversal reversal plan scuse me.
NEUT8|So usually when you see a inverse head and shoulders on the daily, that means that you're bound to see some type of you know that is setting up a support setting up that that foundation and so right now we took that trade jumping off of yesterday's or that that well established downtrend that you can see right here.
NEUT9|Multiple different rejection points or levels of respect.
NEUT10|So right here we get that daily finish at one 2365.
NEUT11|An above you op and then we open up.
NEUT12|We Wick down just retesting that support and then making new highs crossing that 50 day moving average as well as the whole ribbon indicator.
NEUT13|Now going into what could happen here in the future or in the next couple of days.
NEUT14|Obviously this is all with the market trending in the direction that we are hoping that it does, and so if it moves to the upside, I think that one thing that we can expect here.
NEUT15|With Apple right now, the main resistance I have is 128, fifty five, or one 2850.
NEUT16|If you want around that off, I think that'll move, you know, a couple cents above that.
NEUT17|But what I think here is that because we have another daily resistance that we're going to have to deal with, we can see that resistance here well respected, and as we go up and approach that resistance, there is a potential to break that I think with obviously the inverse head and shoulders, and this not being as a substantial.
NEUT18|It's not like a serious daily resistance, but it is a resistance nonetheless, and one that I can see you know on the chart.
NEUT19|So what I'm looking at with this resistance is usually anytime you get a break to the upside, you will see a pullback and you'll see a retest of that resistance.
BEAR20|So my mark is 128 fifty and then from there I think that we could see a pullback to around 1:26, ninety five or one 2735.
NEUT21|And then you could potentially see a move higher.
NEUT22|With the next major resistance I see at 1:30 and then while above that at 134.
BULL23|So Apple looks good to the upside.
NEUT24|We will be day trading this in our live trading chat in our discord, so please feel free to hop in there.
NEUT25|The link is in the bio and YouTube and Tradingview.
NEUT26|We basically do the same thing you see here.
BULL27|Are charts are up and we are live trading all day.
NEUT28|Many of US admins scalping day trading swing trading all that good stuff.
NEUT29|Spinneys you name it so.
NEUT30|Anyway, those links are in the BIOS, in both YouTube and Discord.
NEUT31|"I will be posting a few more videos before the nights end, so hopefully you guys can catch those and I'll catch you guys in the next video."""
